"Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to focus today on the factors that have made Alfac successful and the prospects for the future. Aflac specializes in developing and marketing insurance products that give the consumers the opportunity to direct cash where it's needed most, in a life-interrupting medical event that presents financial challenges. These challenges may stem from missed work, out-of-pock expenses like copays and deductibles, as well as non-covered expenses. Most of our products are portable and guaranteed renewable. The policy benefits are fixed, rather than open-ended, and they pay cash directly to the policy holder, regardless of what other insurance that they might have. Our strategy for growth has remained straightforward and consistent for over two decades now. It has always been quite effective for us. We've been expanding our distribution system, while developing new products to match consumers' needs. In doing so, we've gained greater access to more payroll deduction accounts and customers. We've pursued our strategy through internal growth, rather than through acquisitions.  Now, let me begin with Aflac's operation in Japan, which accounts for 72% of our pretax insurance earnings. Today, we insure 1 out 4 households in Japan. Four years ago, Aflac surpassed Nippon Life to become the number one insurer in terms of individual insurance policies in force, a title that Nippon Life held for over 100 years. One of Aflac's many strengths in Japan is its product line. Copays have tripled over the last 12 years and consumers are paying more out-of-pocket expense due to healthcare than ever before. It's against that backdrop that the popularity and value of our products have emerged. Our focus in recent years has been on two products, cancer life and medical insurance. We continually review our products to make sure that benefits are relevant today. With that in mind, in September, we introduced the Cancer Forte, our first major revision to our cancer product since 2001. We increased the number of outpatient days to offer the highest level of outpatient coverage in the industry today. Cancer Forte also offers two new features -- first, an addition to the traditional upfront, first-occurrence benefit. A policyholder who is diagnosed with cancer for the first time receives an annuity benefit from the second year through the fifth year of diagnosis. Cancer Forte also includes a counseling and physician referral benefit when the policyholder is diagnosed with cancer. This product meets an important consumers' need, because cancer is the leading cause of death in Japan, and one of the most expensive illnesses to treat. We still believe there's a very large and under-penetrated market for Cancer Insurance in Japan, and we are intent on maintaining our leadership position with that product. As the need for cancer products has risen, so has the need for medical products. In early 2002, after research indicated that consumers were interested in a low premium, base benefit medical product, we introduced EVER, a standalone, whole life medical product. Within two months of introduction, Aflac became the number-one seller of medical insurance in Japan and we remain number one today. To strengthen our portfolio of living benefits products, we introduced two versions of the EVER product in 2005. In early 2007, we introduced another version called EVER Paid Up. This newer product allows policyholders to choose to pay higher premium payments on the front end, so they'll be payment free at either age 60 or age 65. In August of last year, we introduced EVER Gentle, which targets consumers who may have a health condition that excludes them from purchasing the existing EVER products. This new product pays partial benefits during a specific waiting period, and although all five EVER variations offer multiple premium payments, the level of benefits remains constant for the life of each policy. In Japan, branding is another important Aflac strength and it helps us stand out in what has become a more crowded market. Although many companies now offer medical insurance products, we believe our products continue to represent a great relative value to the consumers. Attendant research reveals that Aflac is the most preferred insurer for cancer and medical insurance in Japan today. Aflac is highly regarded for its life insurance. These consumer preferences reflect the strength and appeal for our brand. Aflac is the number-one seller of both cancer and medical insurance policies in Japan. Another one of the competitive strengths is our sales network. We believe that Aflac's distribution system remains one of the most efficient in Japan. We are continuing our efforts to develop even more avenues to reach consumers. Our broad sales network includes affiliated corporate agencies, independent corporate agencies and individual agencies. Through the affiliated corporate agency channels, Japan's largest companies have separate insurance agencies to sell our products to their employees on a payroll-deduction basis. Today, 90% of the companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and all the major government agencies, offer our products to their employees. At the end of 2007, Aflac Japan was represented by more than 18,400 sales agencies, or more than 100,800 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies. Most of these are individual agencies. To improve our sales results at Aflac Japan, we are focused on better training, especially with newly recruited sales associates. To that end, we have been using a new sales associate training program since November of 2006. This new training program blends classroom and field training to improve associates' face-to-face consultation skills. The trainers, who are actually, Aflac field employees, communicate regularly with the trainees, and support them and motivate them to succeed. By the end of 2007, we had trained approximately 3,300 newly recruited sales associates through the new program. Like our training efforts at the U.S., we believe our new training programs will improve the quality and productivity of the sales force, and at the same time, we are committed to the long term. In addition to our own sales force, we market our cancer life product through a strategic marketing alliance with Daiichi Mutual Life. Daiichi Mutual Life is the second-largest life insurance company in Japan. Its sales force is an extension of our distribution system. Daiichi Life is the number-two seller of Cancer Insurance in Japan, only behind Aflac. We remain pleased with our alliance with Daiichi Mutual. We also have spent 2007 preparing for new distribution opportunities that we believe will benefit Aflac Japan for the long run. The first opportunity is the bank channel, which is now open for over-the-counter sales of additional insurance products, including those sold by Aflac. We've sold our products to employees of banks since our entry into Japan in 1974. However, banks were not allowed to sell third-sector products to their customers until the ban was lifted in December of 2007. By the end of January 2008, our products were available in 3,300 branches of 41 banks, and we expect those numbers to continue to grow. However, some banks are being very conservative in their sales approach because of the compliance issues with selling insurance to customers. In addition, many banks won't start selling until April 1, which starts the mark of the fiscal year in Japan. In addition, Aflac was selected by Japan's Post network to be the provider of Cancer Insurance through the 24,000 branches located throughout the country. We believe Japan's Post selection of Aflac reflects the quality of our product, the overall strength of the Aflac brand and the reputation of quality customer service, and the support that we provide to our sales force. Although Japan Post has not yet established a specific time frame for sales to commence, I do hope to have some more details by the time we release fourth quarter results in April. Needless to say, we believe this is a great opportunity for both Japan Post and Aflac. Remaining the low-cost producer is a critical element in terms of our ongoing market success and profitability of our company. Our focus on technology improved administrative efficiencies, which enables us to offer consumers valuable benefits at affordable prices and compensate our sales force with attractive commissions. Based on the data from the financial services agency, our maintenance expense for policy in force are significantly lower than every other life insurer in Japan. We have achieved this efficiency by building a business that is based on processing a high volume of low premium policies. One of our primary goals for 2007 was to turn around Aflac Japan sales. As we repeatedly discussed last year, we'd expected sales to decline in the first half of 2007 and to be flat, up 4% in the second half. Consistent with our expectations, our sales results improved early in this year and increased with a 2.5% increase for the last 6 months of 2007. Although our sales were down 2.4% for the full year, I'm encouraged by the way sales improved throughout 2007. I think we are well positioned for much better results in 2008. Our objective is to increase sales 3 to 7% this year, which we believe is a reasonable expectation. because there will be some time for the bank channels to have an impact on our business, our sales might start a bit slow in the first quarter. However, I expect Aflac Japan to achieve its sales objective for 2008, while also producing financial results that are consistent with our budget. We continue to believe that Japan is an ideal market for our products, and as we look ahead, we believe the need for the products will continue to grow. Japan is facing rising healthcare costs, an aging population and declining birthrate. With Japan's financially stressed national healthcare system, it's likely that higher out-of-pocket expenses for medical care will continue. Research conducted in 2007 by the Japanese Institute of Life Insurance showed that almost 66% of the population believes that the national healthcare system is inadequate. As you can see, the percentage of people who believe that the cost of medical care will be covered entirely by the public healthcare insurance has been decreasing every year. This only reaffirms our belief that Aflac's products offer real solutions and peace of mind to Japanese consumers when they need it most. Now, let me turn our discussion to our business in the United States. At the end of 2007, nearly 96% of the U.S. business is issued through the place of employment. Although 90% of the payroll accounts have fewer than 100 employees, we also have secured many large accounts, like Wal-Mart, Wachovia, American Express, just to name a few. To meet the diverse needs of employees, we offer a variety of affordable specialty products. Accident and disability insurance has been our number-one product in terms of sales for the last 14 years. It's also our number-one product category in terms of premium in force. We remain active in identifying new market opportunities through the expansion and refinement of our product line. Overall, I think we've done a good job staying in touch with the consumers' needs. By refining our existing products and developing new products, we've been able to maintain a market leadership. In the United States, we sell our products through an extensive network of commission-based, independent agents. We know that recruiting and training are essential to the distribution growth, which in turn, leads to stronger sales growth. Increasing our distribution has been a core part of our strategy for many years, and recruiting will remain an essential component of our distribution model. As we have discussed, we've shifted our focus to developing more producers. Specifically, we're emphasizing the increase in average weekly producers. This metric encourages our sales management to not only report on progress, but also, to manage their business and their people more efficiently. On an average weekly producer, the number of producing sales associates increased 6% to more than 10,900 in 2007. Weekly producer growth is the key bonus component of our sales director and eight territory directors. We also believe our focus on improved training has resulted in better producer growth. In looking at our recent sales results, we believe that our training efforts are paying off. Technology is another Aflac strength in the U.S. Effectively employing new technologies allows us to improve our products, attract new sales associates and allocate more resources to advertising. Although we don't sell directly on the internet in the U.S. like we do in Japan, our sales associates have used a unique SmartApp system to sell electronically for more than 14 years. SmartApp allows our sales associates to electronically transmit new business from the field directly to the headquarters. In 2006, we rolled out a new version of SmartApp called SmartApp Next Generation, or SNG. This upgraded version further maximizes -- minimizes the time sales agents must spend on administrative issues, freeing up more time for them to sell. In 2007, 91% of the applications for coverage were electronically transmitted through the SNG and other internet-based programs. We were able to process 66% of the policy applications last year without any human intervention, which as you know, really brings down the cost. Advertising is also a significant advantage that has touched virtually every aspect of our business. It has especially helped recruiting and sales. We began using our now famous Aflac duck in advertising in 2000. According to independent research, our commercials that feature our feathered friend has tested extremely well. Our research continues to tell us that the Aflac duck campaign is a highly effective way for us to get the message across. As long as the duck finds itself going to new adventures, people will continue to enjoy its antics. In addition to entertaining, our more recent ads show how Aflac products actually help people after a medical crisis. We also believe our commercials and our branding methods are benefiting our results. Our brand awareness was 93% last year and it's consistently been 85% or higher for the last 6 years. With great name recognition, we are now focusing on building better brand definition. Our current commercials deliver a message that better defines Aflac, while it's also entertaining those who've come to love the Aflac duck. We made that message simple and clear. Aflac products pay cash when you're sick or hurt, which provides for financial security. We've had many consumers and employers tell us that they finally understand how Aflac can help them. We believe this kind of branding will further establish Aflac as the category leader, and will ultimately translate into even stronger new sales. Our sales results in 2007 were consistent with our expectations, rising 9.5% to a record $1.6 billion. We set a sales objective for 2008 of an 8 to 12% increase. However, we expect that first quarter sales will be weak in part because of the shift in the conversion premium for the first quarter of 2008 to the fourth quarter of last year. In addition, we got off to a bit slow start this year, following a very strong push by our sales force at the end of the year, where we ended up having the biggest quarter and the biggest month ever in the Company's history. Overall, we're excited about the renewed momentum of our U.S. sales and we believe our U.S. remains a vast, under-penetrated market that is well suited for our products. As workers and employers alike cope with continuing rising healthcare costs, we believe there will be an increasing need for our products. In an independent survey in 2007, 7% of the respondents said that they owned Aflac's products. That same survey, an additional 16% of the respondents said they would consider buying Aflac's products if it were offered at the work site. This survey suggests that there is the potential to more than double the number of policyholders, if we can reach them, and I believe we're making progress to do just that. According to the data from the Small Business Administration, there are about 6 million businesses in the United States with 500 or fewer employees. As the market leader, we have more than 402,000 payroll deduction accounts, and that number is growing every day. Yet the number represents less than 7% of the total number of small business in the U.S., which suggests that there is huge potential for Aflac U.S. Now, let me conclude with just a few comments on the total Company's financial performance and earnings objectives. Today, Aflac is very strong from a financial perspective. Our investment portfolio is in outstanding shape. The credit ratings of our holdings are high and we have no exposure to the sub prime lending market. We've maintained high capital adequacy ratios to support our ratings and we are very comfortable with our capital position. We're also generating strong cash flows that we can use to benefit our shareholders. Our dividends and our share repurchase program reflect our commitment to increasing shareholder value. Cash dividends paid in 2007 were up 45.5% higher than 2006. In January, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend by 17.1% to $0.24 per share. At that indicated rate, cash dividends in 2008 will be 20% higher than in 2007, and it's likely that we will continue to raise dividends at a faster rate than our earnings growth. We're also very committed to purchasing our shares on a consistent basis. In 2007, we purchased 11.1 million shares. This year, we anticipate purchasing 12 to 18 million shares in 2008. Since the program's inception in 1994, we purchased more than 208 million shares. From a financial perspective, 2007 was a record year. Although the yen strengthened to the dollar late in the year, our full year results were impacted by the modestly weaker yen-dollar exchange rate in 2007. However, we believe that viewing our results, excluding the impact of currency translation, is the most meaningful way to evaluate our financial performance. And in that regard, we are very pleased with our financial performance last year. We believe that an analysis of operating earnings, a non-GAAP financial measure, is important to understanding the financial Aflac's underlying profitability drivers. Aflac's operating earnings exclude realized investment gains and losses, the impact of SFAS-133 and non-reoccurring items. On an operating basis, we have a long history of producing earnings growth. In fact, we have met, or exceeded, our operating earnings per share objectives for the last 18 consecutive years. And in each of those years, operating earnings per share has increased by at least 15%. We continue to focus on maintaining strong fundamentals in our core business and building our record of strong earnings growth. Our objective for 2008 is to increase operating earnings per share 13 to 15% before the impact of the yen. This slide shows how 2008 earnings might look with and without the impact of currency. Our target for 2008 is produce 3.70 to 3.76 in operating earnings per diluted share, assuming the 2007 exchange rate of 117.93. We estimate that for one yen exchange of the annual average exchange rate will equal about $01.7 per share of earnings this year. The yen is stronger than a year ago, averaging about 108 so far this year. If the yen averages around 110 for the full year, we would expect to report 3.83 to 3.89 in operating earnings per diluted share for 2008. While we strive to meet our objectives, we will also work to keep a relatively low risk profile, effectively managing our capital. This helps us consistently generate returns on equity that are top in the industry. We remain committed to growing this business in a way that generates strong earnings growth, and with a disciplined approach, we believe we will continue to enhance shareholder value. Now, I'll be glad to take any questions, Ed. Yes? There's one way in the back or wherever. Questions and Answers Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. I'm kind of slow, taking all three at once. We'll see. The first one was about the politics. We've always tried to be Switzerland in all these -- all the politics that are going on. Our message is, in all the years that I've been involved, is that we always support the incumbent, provided the incumbent never hurts us. And that has been a good philosophy, so I've actually been head of the Democratic fundraiser in Georgia, and I've also been head of the Republic fundraiser in Georgia. Saying that, when Hillary Clinton went to Capitol Hill in 1994 with her healthcare plan, we had an exclusion in there that would allow our products to be sold in addition to her healthcare plan. So we were in a good position in that regard. Remember, we sell in a national healthcare environment in Japan right now, so national healthcare does not bother us. In selling an employer-employee relationship, we want all of our groups to have major medical. So whether it is offered through government or actually a national healthcare plan of some sort, or major medical, does not matter to us, but ours supplements existing, and if you only have our products, you have inadequate coverage. You must have ours along with the other. So from that standpoint, we think we're protected. We feel real good about all of the people that are running that our products will still be offered and still fit the need. No one is trying to come up with a healthcare plan that will be such that people won't want our coverage. If you take national healthcare today, and you take the best-case scenario, then you would take the best HMO in America today and add all the poor and indigent to it. So it's still going to be an issue for people who want additional cash to have additional services that are available to them. So we think we'll be all right in that regard, but we are monitoring it constantly and we have positioned ourselves that we should be in good shape with the three major candidates that are running today. The next -- ? Oh, we always focus on persistency. We have -- because you have renewals in our business, where you write a policy and we want to keep it in force, we're always doing that. In fact, our persistency has remained stable to up just slightly in the U.S. and stable basically in Japan. It mainly has to do with turnover of small businesses and also turnover of the American public. The public changes jobs on average once every seven years, and that has just been a function. Let me say, too, though, that having some lapse rate is actually good for the Company from a profitability standpoint. If you just try to keep people and do a mass mail out, you will always keep older, sicker people first. So the key is not improving persistency; the key is to keep younger, healthier people, is what you want to do, but I can improve persistency tomorrow. The profit margins will drop enormously, so it's that delicate balance and really, payroll deduction is somewhat of a cocoon and protects us, in that it's a healthier block of business. These people are working; they're generally younger and there is the third-party influence of the employer wanting them to go back to work. Whereas, if you write them on an individual basis, you can hardly charge enough premium in many cases, to write them because none of those things apply to them. So make no doubt, we constantly push persistency, but we found as a general rule, it's just easier to write new business than it is to go too hard, but every year, we've got some new program working on persistency, but it's a national issue with all companies that face this type with the products we sell. I've got a sign here that says, &quot;Stop.&quot; Is this still okay? About the what? Right. Well, I -- for all of you that have been following us for the last year or so, the problem has been an industry problem in terms of sales. It hasn't been just Aflac that was down. It was the industry and there was a claims issue that was out there. I call on the -- I go to Japan once every eight weeks. I call on the Insurance Commissioner three times year and I actually meet with one of the Cabinet secretaries, which is the head of the FSA, once a year. And I met with him back in early January, when I went over there, and he's very pleased with what we're doing. Now, you know how it is with politicians. It can change overnight, but I would say that our issues are over and past, and we are in good shape. If I had to tell you what I think happened is that, you know, they found that -- the FSA did -- that they wanted to check into some -- a few issues, and they thought they would just stir it a little bit, and when they did, they found a lot of errors at other companies -- we had very few -- regarding some claims' payment. And so, instead of them finding a few errors, fixing it and taking credit for it, the consumers then have reversed and said, we found all this problem and it's your fault, FSA. And they've now been mad on them, which in turn, it's been all this adverse publicity. They want this over, in my opinion. They want it fixed and they want to move onto something else, where I thought early on, they liked the publicity. They now do not want any publicity. They just want it over with. I think most of the companies are fixing those issues, and it is behind us. I think -- I said that I thought you'd begin to see an improvement in the second half of the year; we have. I expect us to make this 3 to 7% range. I said I thought our sales might be soft in the first quarter. I was asked a question on the conference call. I don't think they'll be down, but I think they'll be up, but I'm not sure what the number will be. We have -- how does the recession impact us? Well, you know, I've been CEO for 18 years and I've seen a couple of recessions come along. They never seem to impact our sales to any great degree, and what I would say is the reason for that -- and of course, let me say it can change tomorrow. But generally, in a recession period, there is higher unemployment and in higher unemployment, people are looking for jobs and in our case, it's all commission. So we can hire people easier in a recession period than we can in full employment because people would prefer salaries than they have commissions as a general rule. So we may not have quite as many people at the workplace because of recession, but we actually have more sales associates out selling for us because they're willing to try commissions because they can't find a job. So there's always been some give-and-take on that over a period. So it's never impacted us, but that can always change, but right now, we don't see anything that is impacted. And the final one was -- ?Yeah. It's kind of the where we start evaluating everything we're doing in a much more serious manner. Absolutely. The second quarter is a different comp for a couple of reasons. One, we do lose a day, one of the days that we mentioned before was the movement of the Good Friday holiday back and forth, depending on when the calendar is. Obviously, the second quarter of last year where our largest comparables many other quarter as well as the majority of things that we just rolled out with our new wing span initiative around products, marketing and sales techniques, have all been rolled out within the last week. The product rollouts continue to happen through the remainder of this quarter and really take full effect in the third quarter. So I expect the second half of the year hopefully to show stronger promise than the first half, and second quarter continuing to be a difficult comparison. Were those all your questions? Thank you, Ken. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I hope you had a chance to review our first quarter press release. I will comment on our operations in Japan and the United States, but first, I'd like to discuss our balance sheet and capital position at the end of the quarter. As we mentioned in our press release yesterday, we elected to early adopt the new mark to market accounting. Although we did not get any relief on the pricing side, we believe the changes regarding impairment charges support the long view of price recovery that we've held for many years. We believe analyzing AFLAC's investment portfolio and potential, other than temporary impairments for the long-term perspective, makes sense. This long-term view reflects the way we approach and manage the investment supporting our policy liabilities. Our policyholder liabilities have long durations, particularly in Japan. As such, we purchased long duration assets to support those liabilities. Due to our asset liability matching approach and very strong, predictable operating cash flows, we have the ability and intent to hold the securities until they recover in value, which may be at their maturity. As a result, our approach has always been to take impairment charges for debt security only when our credit analysis indicates we're unlikely to receive contractual interest and principal payments. We believe the revised accounting guidance supports that view. We did incur some credit losses in the first quarter, however, at $152 million, they were manageable, given the strong capital generation of our business. Right. I'll answer the first one. This is Dan. I'm certainly disappointed to even think because I thought it was in the bag, because I thought we would be doing the share repurchase. I never say never because we've got things could change tomorrow. Capital could continue to improve. And we'll just have to watch it accordingly. But I think it behooves us to pay much more attention to the capital position than the EPS. And so at this particular point, I'm giving up something personally I wanted to achieve to ultimately protect our shareholders, and to make the analysts feel more comfortable. And that's really all it's about. It's really not about the 20 years. It's really about making our share value go back up. That's what I'm trying to do.Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to focus today on the factors that have made Alfac successful and the prospects for the future. Aflac specializes in developing and marketing insurance products that give the consumers the opportunity to direct cash where it's needed most, in a life-interrupting medical event that presents financial challenges. These challenges may stem from missed work, out-of-pock expenses like copays and deductibles, as well as non-covered expenses. Most of our products are portable and guaranteed renewable. The policy benefits are fixed, rather than open-ended, and they pay cash directly to the policy holder, regardless of what other insurance that they might have. Our strategy for growth has remained straightforward and consistent for over two decades now. It has always been quite effective for us. We've been expanding our distribution system, while developing new products to match consumers' needs. In doing so, we've gained greater access to more payroll deduction accounts and customers. We've pursued our strategy through internal growth, rather than through acquisitions.  Now, let me begin with Aflac's operation in Japan, which accounts for 72% of our pretax insurance earnings. Today, we insure 1 out 4 households in Japan. Four years ago, Aflac surpassed Nippon Life to become the number one insurer in terms of individual insurance policies in force, a title that Nippon Life held for over 100 years. One of Aflac's many strengths in Japan is its product line. Copays have tripled over the last 12 years and consumers are paying more out-of-pocket expense due to healthcare than ever before. It's against that backdrop that the popularity and value of our products have emerged. Our focus in recent years has been on two products, cancer life and medical insurance. We continually review our products to make sure that benefits are relevant today. With that in mind, in September, we introduced the Cancer Forte, our first major revision to our cancer product since 2001. We increased the number of outpatient days to offer the highest level of outpatient coverage in the industry today. Cancer Forte also offers two new features -- first, an addition to the traditional upfront, first-occurrence benefit. A policyholder who is diagnosed with cancer for the first time receives an annuity benefit from the second year through the fifth year of diagnosis. Cancer Forte also includes a counseling and physician referral benefit when the policyholder is diagnosed with cancer. This product meets an important consumers' need, because cancer is the leading cause of death in Japan, and one of the most expensive illnesses to treat. We still believe there's a very large and under-penetrated market for Cancer Insurance in Japan, and we are intent on maintaining our leadership position with that product. As the need for cancer products has risen, so has the need for medical products. In early 2002, after research indicated that consumers were interested in a low premium, base benefit medical product, we introduced EVER, a standalone, whole life medical product. Within two months of introduction, Aflac became the number-one seller of medical insurance in Japan and we remain number one today. To strengthen our portfolio of living benefits products, we introduced two versions of the EVER product in 2005. In early 2007, we introduced another version called EVER Paid Up. This newer product allows policyholders to choose to pay higher premium payments on the front end, so they'll be payment free at either age 60 or age 65. In August of last year, we introduced EVER Gentle, which targets consumers who may have a health condition that excludes them from purchasing the existing EVER products. This new product pays partial benefits during a specific waiting period, and although all five EVER variations offer multiple premium payments, the level of benefits remains constant for the life of each policy. In Japan, branding is another important Aflac strength and it helps us stand out in what has become a more crowded market. Although many companies now offer medical insurance products, we believe our products continue to represent a great relative value to the consumers. Attendant research reveals that Aflac is the most preferred insurer for cancer and medical insurance in Japan today. Aflac is highly regarded for its life insurance. These consumer preferences reflect the strength and appeal for our brand. Aflac is the number-one seller of both cancer and medical insurance policies in Japan. Another one of the competitive strengths is our sales network. We believe that Aflac's distribution system remains one of the most efficient in Japan. We are continuing our efforts to develop even more avenues to reach consumers. Our broad sales network includes affiliated corporate agencies, independent corporate agencies and individual agencies. Through the affiliated corporate agency channels, Japan's largest companies have separate insurance agencies to sell our products to their employees on a payroll-deduction basis. Today, 90% of the companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and all the major government agencies, offer our products to their employees. At the end of 2007, Aflac Japan was represented by more than 18,400 sales agencies, or more than 100,800 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies. Most of these are individual agencies. To improve our sales results at Aflac Japan, we are focused on better training, especially with newly recruited sales associates. To that end, we have been using a new sales associate training program since November of 2006. This new training program blends classroom and field training to improve associates' face-to-face consultation skills. The trainers, who are actually, Aflac field employees, communicate regularly with the trainees, and support them and motivate them to succeed. By the end of 2007, we had trained approximately 3,300 newly recruited sales associates through the new program. Like our training efforts at the U.S., we believe our new training programs will improve the quality and productivity of the sales force, and at the same time, we are committed to the long term. In addition to our own sales force, we market our cancer life product through a strategic marketing alliance with Daiichi Mutual Life. Daiichi Mutual Life is the second-largest life insurance company in Japan. Its sales force is an extension of our distribution system. Daiichi Life is the number-two seller of Cancer Insurance in Japan, only behind Aflac. We remain pleased with our alliance with Daiichi Mutual. We also have spent 2007 preparing for new distribution opportunities that we believe will benefit Aflac Japan for the long run. The first opportunity is the bank channel, which is now open for over-the-counter sales of additional insurance products, including those sold by Aflac. We've sold our products to employees of banks since our entry into Japan in 1974. However, banks were not allowed to sell third-sector products to their customers until the ban was lifted in December of 2007. By the end of January 2008, our products were available in 3,300 branches of 41 banks, and we expect those numbers to continue to grow. However, some banks are being very conservative in their sales approach because of the compliance issues with selling insurance to customers. In addition, many banks won't start selling until April 1, which starts the mark of the fiscal year in Japan. In addition, Aflac was selected by Japan's Post network to be the provider of Cancer Insurance through the 24,000 branches located throughout the country. We believe Japan's Post selection of Aflac reflects the quality of our product, the overall strength of the Aflac brand and the reputation of quality customer service, and the support that we provide to our sales force. Although Japan Post has not yet established a specific time frame for sales to commence, I do hope to have some more details by the time we release fourth quarter results in April. Needless to say, we believe this is a great opportunity for both Japan Post and Aflac. Remaining the low-cost producer is a critical element in terms of our ongoing market success and profitability of our company. Our focus on technology improved administrative efficiencies, which enables us to offer consumers valuable benefits at affordable prices and compensate our sales force with attractive commissions. Based on the data from the financial services agency, our maintenance expense for policy in force are significantly lower than every other life insurer in Japan. We have achieved this efficiency by building a business that is based on processing a high volume of low premium policies. One of our primary goals for 2007 was to turn around Aflac Japan sales. As we repeatedly discussed last year, we'd expected sales to decline in the first half of 2007 and to be flat, up 4% in the second half. Consistent with our expectations, our sales results improved early in this year and increased with a 2.5% increase for the last 6 months of 2007. Although our sales were down 2.4% for the full year, I'm encouraged by the way sales improved throughout 2007. I think we are well positioned for much better results in 2008. Our objective is to increase sales 3 to 7% this year, which we believe is a reasonable expectation. because there will be some time for the bank channels to have an impact on our business, our sales might start a bit slow in the first quarter. However, I expect Aflac Japan to achieve its sales objective for 2008, while also producing financial results that are consistent with our budget. We continue to believe that Japan is an ideal market for our products, and as we look ahead, we believe the need for the products will continue to grow. Japan is facing rising healthcare costs, an aging population and declining birthrate. With Japan's financially stressed national healthcare system, it's likely that higher out-of-pocket expenses for medical care will continue. Research conducted in 2007 by the Japanese Institute of Life Insurance showed that almost 66% of the population believes that the national healthcare system is inadequate. As you can see, the percentage of people who believe that the cost of medical care will be covered entirely by the public healthcare insurance has been decreasing every year. This only reaffirms our belief that Aflac's products offer real solutions and peace of mind to Japanese consumers when they need it most. Now, let me turn our discussion to our business in the United States. At the end of 2007, nearly 96% of the U.S. business is issued through the place of employment. Although 90% of the payroll accounts have fewer than 100 employees, we also have secured many large accounts, like Wal-Mart, Wachovia, American Express, just to name a few. To meet the diverse needs of employees, we offer a variety of affordable specialty products. Accident and disability insurance has been our number-one product in terms of sales for the last 14 years. It's also our number-one product category in terms of premium in force. We remain active in identifying new market opportunities through the expansion and refinement of our product line. Overall, I think we've done a good job staying in touch with the consumers' needs. By refining our existing products and developing new products, we've been able to maintain a market leadership. In the United States, we sell our products through an extensive network of commission-based, independent agents. We know that recruiting and training are essential to the distribution growth, which in turn, leads to stronger sales growth. Increasing our distribution has been a core part of our strategy for many years, and recruiting will remain an essential component of our distribution model. As we have discussed, we've shifted our focus to developing more producers. Specifically, we're emphasizing the increase in average weekly producers. This metric encourages our sales management to not only report on progress, but also, to manage their business and their people more efficiently. On an average weekly producer, the number of producing sales associates increased 6% to more than 10,900 in 2007. Weekly producer growth is the key bonus component of our sales director and eight territory directors. We also believe our focus on improved training has resulted in better producer growth. In looking at our recent sales results, we believe that our training efforts are paying off. Technology is another Aflac strength in the U.S. Effectively employing new technologies allows us to improve our products, attract new sales associates and allocate more resources to advertising. Although we don't sell directly on the internet in the U.S. like we do in Japan, our sales associates have used a unique SmartApp system to sell electronically for more than 14 years. SmartApp allows our sales associates to electronically transmit new business from the field directly to the headquarters. In 2006, we rolled out a new version of SmartApp called SmartApp Next Generation, or SNG. This upgraded version further maximizes -- minimizes the time sales agents must spend on administrative issues, freeing up more time for them to sell. In 2007, 91% of the applications for coverage were electronically transmitted through the SNG and other internet-based programs. We were able to process 66% of the policy applications last year without any human intervention, which as you know, really brings down the cost. Advertising is also a significant advantage that has touched virtually every aspect of our business. It has especially helped recruiting and sales. We began using our now famous Aflac duck in advertising in 2000. According to independent research, our commercials that feature our feathered friend has tested extremely well. Our research continues to tell us that the Aflac duck campaign is a highly effective way for us to get the message across. As long as the duck finds itself going to new adventures, people will continue to enjoy its antics. In addition to entertaining, our more recent ads show how Aflac products actually help people after a medical crisis. We also believe our commercials and our branding methods are benefiting our results. Our brand awareness was 93% last year and it's consistently been 85% or higher for the last 6 years. With great name recognition, we are now focusing on building better brand definition. Our current commercials deliver a message that better defines Aflac, while it's also entertaining those who've come to love the Aflac duck. We made that message simple and clear. Aflac products pay cash when you're sick or hurt, which provides for financial security. We've had many consumers and employers tell us that they finally understand how Aflac can help them. We believe this kind of branding will further establish Aflac as the category leader, and will ultimately translate into even stronger new sales. Our sales results in 2007 were consistent with our expectations, rising 9.5% to a record $1.6 billion. We set a sales objective for 2008 of an 8 to 12% increase. However, we expect that first quarter sales will be weak in part because of the shift in the conversion premium for the first quarter of 2008 to the fourth quarter of last year. In addition, we got off to a bit slow start this year, following a very strong push by our sales force at the end of the year, where we ended up having the biggest quarter and the biggest month ever in the Company's history. Overall, we're excited about the renewed momentum of our U.S. sales and we believe our U.S. remains a vast, under-penetrated market that is well suited for our products. As workers and employers alike cope with continuing rising healthcare costs, we believe there will be an increasing need for our products. In an independent survey in 2007, 7% of the respondents said that they owned Aflac's products. That same survey, an additional 16% of the respondents said they would consider buying Aflac's products if it were offered at the work site. This survey suggests that there is the potential to more than double the number of policyholders, if we can reach them, and I believe we're making progress to do just that. According to the data from the Small Business Administration, there are about 6 million businesses in the United States with 500 or fewer employees. As the market leader, we have more than 402,000 payroll deduction accounts, and that number is growing every day. Yet the number represents less than 7% of the total number of small business in the U.S., which suggests that there is huge potential for Aflac U.S. Now, let me conclude with just a few comments on the total Company's financial performance and earnings objectives. Today, Aflac is very strong from a financial perspective. Our investment portfolio is in outstanding shape. The credit ratings of our holdings are high and we have no exposure to the sub prime lending market. We've maintained high capital adequacy ratios to support our ratings and we are very comfortable with our capital position. We're also generating strong cash flows that we can use to benefit our shareholders. Our dividends and our share repurchase program reflect our commitment to increasing shareholder value. Cash dividends paid in 2007 were up 45.5% higher than 2006. In January, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend by 17.1% to $0.24 per share. At that indicated rate, cash dividends in 2008 will be 20% higher than in 2007, and it's likely that we will continue to raise dividends at a faster rate than our earnings growth. We're also very committed to purchasing our shares on a consistent basis. In 2007, we purchased 11.1 million shares. This year, we anticipate purchasing 12 to 18 million shares in 2008. Since the program's inception in 1994, we purchased more than 208 million shares. From a financial perspective, 2007 was a record year. Although the yen strengthened to the dollar late in the year, our full year results were impacted by the modestly weaker yen-dollar exchange rate in 2007. However, we believe that viewing our results, excluding the impact of currency translation, is the most meaningful way to evaluate our financial performance. And in that regard, we are very pleased with our financial performance last year. We believe that an analysis of operating earnings, a non-GAAP financial measure, is important to understanding the financial Aflac's underlying profitability drivers. Aflac's operating earnings exclude realized investment gains and losses, the impact of SFAS-133 and non-reoccurring items. On an operating basis, we have a long history of producing earnings growth. In fact, we have met, or exceeded, our operating earnings per share objectives for the last 18 consecutive years. And in each of those years, operating earnings per share has increased by at least 15%. We continue to focus on maintaining strong fundamentals in our core business and building our record of strong earnings growth. Our objective for 2008 is to increase operating earnings per share 13 to 15% before the impact of the yen. This slide shows how 2008 earnings might look with and without the impact of currency. Our target for 2008 is produce 3.70 to 3.76 in operating earnings per diluted share, assuming the 2007 exchange rate of 117.93. We estimate that for one yen exchange of the annual average exchange rate will equal about $01.7 per share of earnings this year. The yen is stronger than a year ago, averaging about 108 so far this year. If the yen averages around 110 for the full year, we would expect to report 3.83 to 3.89 in operating earnings per diluted share for 2008. While we strive to meet our objectives, we will also work to keep a relatively low risk profile, effectively managing our capital. This helps us consistently generate returns on equity that are top in the industry. We remain committed to growing this business in a way that generates strong earnings growth, and with a disciplined approach, we believe we will continue to enhance shareholder value. Now, I'll be glad to take any questions, Ed. Yes? There's one way in the back or wherever. About the what? Okay. I'm kind of slow, taking all three at once. We'll see. The first one was about the politics. We've always tried to be Switzerland in all these -- all the politics that are going on. Our message is, in all the years that I've been involved, is that we always support the incumbent, provided the incumbent never hurts us. And that has been a good philosophy, so I've actually been head of the Democratic fundraiser in Georgia, and I've also been head of the Republic fundraiser in Georgia. Saying that, when Hillary Clinton went to Capitol Hill in 1994 with her healthcare plan, we had an exclusion in there that would allow our products to be sold in addition to her healthcare plan. So we were in a good position in that regard. Remember, we sell in a national healthcare environment in Japan right now, so national healthcare does not bother us. In selling an employer-employee relationship, we want all of our groups to have major medical. So whether it is offered through government or actually a national healthcare plan of some sort, or major medical, does not matter to us, but ours supplements existing, and if you only have our products, you have inadequate coverage. You must have ours along with the other. So from that standpoint, we think we're protected. We feel real good about all of the people that are running that our products will still be offered and still fit the need. No one is trying to come up with a healthcare plan that will be such that people won't want our coverage. If you take national healthcare today, and you take the best-case scenario, then you would take the best HMO in America today and add all the poor and indigent to it. So it's still going to be an issue for people who want additional cash to have additional services that are available to them. So we think we'll be all right in that regard, but we are monitoring it constantly and we have positioned ourselves that we should be in good shape with the three major candidates that are running today. The next -- ? Okay. All right. Okay. Oh, we always focus on persistency. We have -- because you have renewals in our business, where you write a policy and we want to keep it in force, we're always doing that. In fact, our persistency has remained stable to up just slightly in the U.S. and stable basically in Japan. It mainly has to do with turnover of small businesses and also turnover of the American public. The public changes jobs on average once every seven years, and that has just been a function. Let me say, too, though, that having some lapse rate is actually good for the Company from a profitability standpoint. If you just try to keep people and do a mass mail out, you will always keep older, sicker people first. So the key is not improving persistency; the key is to keep younger, healthier people, is what you want to do, but I can improve persistency tomorrow. The profit margins will drop enormously, so it's that delicate balance and really, payroll deduction is somewhat of a cocoon and protects us, in that it's a healthier block of business. These people are working; they're generally younger and there is the third-party influence of the employer wanting them to go back to work. Whereas, if you write them on an individual basis, you can hardly charge enough premium in many cases, to write them because none of those things apply to them. So make no doubt, we constantly push persistency, but we found as a general rule, it's just easier to write new business than it is to go too hard, but every year, we've got some new program working on persistency, but it's a national issue with all companies that face this type with the products we sell. I've got a sign here that says, &quot;Stop.&quot; Is this still okay? We have -- how does the recession impact us? Well, you know, I've been CEO for 18 years and I've seen a couple of recessions come along. They never seem to impact our sales to any great degree, and what I would say is the reason for that -- and of course, let me say it can change tomorrow. But generally, in a recession period, there is higher unemployment and in higher unemployment, people are looking for jobs and in our case, it's all commission. So we can hire people easier in a recession period than we can in full employment because people would prefer salaries than they have commissions as a general rule. So we may not have quite as many people at the workplace because of recession, but we actually have more sales associates out selling for us because they're willing to try commissions because they can't find a job. So there's always been some give-and-take on that over a period. So it's never impacted us, but that can always change, but right now, we don't see anything that is impacted. And the final one was -- ? Right. Well, I -- for all of you that have been following us for the last year or so, the problem has been an industry problem in terms of sales. It hasn't been just Aflac that was down. It was the industry and there was a claims issue that was out there. I call on the -- I go to Japan once every eight weeks. I call on the Insurance Commissioner three times year and I actually meet with one of the Cabinet secretaries, which is the head of the FSA, once a year. And I met with him back in early January, when I went over there, and he's very pleased with what we're doing. Now, you know how it is with politicians. It can change overnight, but I would say that our issues are over and past, and we are in good shape. If I had to tell you what I think happened is that, you know, they found that -- the FSA did -- that they wanted to check into some -- a few issues, and they thought they would just stir it a little bit, and when they did, they found a lot of errors at other companies -- we had very few -- regarding some claims' payment. And so, instead of them finding a few errors, fixing it and taking credit for it, the consumers then have reversed and said, we found all this problem and it's your fault, FSA. And they've now been mad on them, which in turn, it's been all this adverse publicity. They want this over, in my opinion. They want it fixed and they want to move onto something else, where I thought early on, they liked the publicity. They now do not want any publicity. They just want it over with. I think most of the companies are fixing those issues, and it is behind us. I think -- I said that I thought you'd begin to see an improvement in the second half of the year; we have. I expect us to make this 3 to 7% range. I said I thought our sales might be soft in the first quarter. I was asked a question on the conference call. I don't think they'll be down, but I think they'll be up, but I'm not sure what the number will be."
