"Marty? Sorry, I don't know if you are talking specifically about the parent or it's CNA. Let me just talk about CNA for a moment. At CNA, we tend to move from sector to sector whichever sector appears to be the cheapest to us. So, for example, we have moved out of municipal bonds at the end of last year and in the first quarter, and we moved significantly into corporate bonds because the spread had widened so much. Additionally, we've made some investments in bank loans for higher yielding credits, and we've also moved out of some of the mortgage back and agency paper. Right now, we are starting to lengthen our portfolio somewhat in response to the increase in interest rates that we've seen in the 10 year sector of the market. With respect to Loews, our investments have been pretty quiet and we've just been quietly trading the markets but there has been no major investment themes in what we're doing. I think what I would like to do is introduce Martin Orlowsky who is the Chief Executive Officer of Lorillard and have him answer that question. Good morning everybody. I'd like to talk about, first, our results for the quarter [_______________] and then I'm going to turn this over to Pete Keegan who is going to go into a bit more depth concerning the financial results. In general, we were very pleased with results for Loews for the first quarter of 2001. Our earnings per share increased a 166% on the strength of improved operating performance by our subsidiaries, and also, significantly larger investment gains at both CNA and at Loews. Net operating income was up by over 10% to $1.51 per share, up from $1.37 per share. Most importantly, from my perspective though, book value per share increased significantly rising to $59.82 per share, up from $56.74 per share at the end of the year 2000, and up about 20% from the same time in the first quarter of 2000 when the book value per share was $49.78. Going through each of our individual businesses, I would like to start with Lorillard, which continued to perform well despite a weakening economy and a softer market for consumer goods. Newport in unit volume, which represents over 80% of our volume, was up about 5% against a year-over-year period at 7.9 billion versus 7.5 billion units. We also had a brand extension in Newport, introducing in this quarter, Newport Medium. We continued to seed a market share in the discount segment because our focus remained on profitability, not on market share. With respect to CNA, many of you on the line were just previously connected to the CNA conference call; so, I am not going to review CNA in depth.The highlights though are, the net income and book value per share increased appreciably in the first quarter of 2001 versus first quarter of 2000. With respect to book value per share on a per CNA share basis, book value increased to $55.21 versus $52.64 at yearend 2000, and $49.21 at the end of the first quarter of 2000. Net operating income on a comparable basis increased by 24% quarter-over-quarter, and CNA's core property, casualty business, made progress in its turnaround. All the individual life business continued to deliver strong results and the group life business showed strong profit improvement as well. In Diamond Offshore, they fared very well in the first quarter of 2001. They previously reported their earnings. Their revenues grew by 22% and their net income grew by almost 25% over the first quarter of 2000. Generally, all the markets in which Diamond operates throughout the world showed improvement, but I'd like to highlight, if I could, what's going on in the intermediate water-depth market where our second-generation semisubmersibles operate. That market, until the beginning of 2001, had really lagged the recovery in the jackup markets and the ultra-deepwater markets. But in the first quarter of this year, we have seen a significant improvement in the second-generation market that has benefited Diamond Offshore. Currently, today, we're seeing rates on the order of $60,000 a day in the Gulf of Mexico for a standard 2000-foot capable semisubmersible. That's up from about $35,000 a day that we saw just 6 months ago, and not only has the day rate improved, but also the utilization has improved such that the rigs are being used full time rather than being stocked for significant periods of time as happened previously in 2000.Generally, Diamond is seeing, as I mentioned, good improvement in all rig classes in all areas of the world. Two reasons I would like to highlight are the Ocean Confidence, which went on its inaugural 5-year contract with BP in the Gulf of Mexico on January 5th, 2001. That rig is performing very, very well with very few shakedown problems. So, we are very pleased with the operation of that rig and I have high hopes for its future. Additionally, the Ocean Baroness is in the shipyard and it is still on track for delivery in the first quarter of 2002, so, a little less than a year from now. That's a rig that we are upgrading for about a $180 million that will be capable of operating in water depths up to 6000 feet. It's a fifth-generation rig that we are doing on speculation, and again, that's something we have high hopes for. I would also like to mention the refinancing that Diamond Offshore did in April of this year. In April, Diamond called and redeemed its 3 in 3/4% Convertible Subordinated Notes that we'll do in 2007. This was basically the first time that those notes were callable. We called them and we paid out the $400 million in cash, and a day or two later, we issued $460 million of 1% Convertible Senior Debentures that are due in 2031. We view this as a very favorable transaction because we lowered our interest expense from 3 in 3/4% down to 1.5%, and we also raised the conversion price from $40.5 a share to about $49 a share. At Loews Hotels, they had a difficult quarter in part, as a result of the softer New York market, and also resulting from higher utility cost especially in other California Hotel.In January, we opened The Hard Rock Hotel at Universal Orlando, and the third project at The Park, The Royal Pacific at Universal Orlando is scheduled to open in 2002. I should say that we are very pleased with the reception that we've had for The Hard Rock Hotel. It's really exceeding our projections with its initial opening and doing very well. At Bulova, they suffered from weakness in consumer spending in the first quarter of 01. The net sales fell by $3.2 million compared to the first quarter of 2000, and earnings dropped about 10%. Overall, we're seeing good price increases in CNA and in Diamond Offshore, and Lorillard, likewise, is performing very well. The hotels in Bulova are both affected by the apparent slowdown in our national economy. But overall, we are very satisfied with the year-to-date performance of Loews and its subsidiaries. Now, to get into a bit more detail on our earnings. I would like to turn this over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Let me take the shipping first. As many of you may know, the shipping market has been very strong really for the past 6 to 9 months. We have an interest in 6 supertankers that were built in the 70s and those ships have been operating, as what we consider to be very, very favorable rates, for the past 3 quarters. Right now those ships are averaging, I would say, day rates of about $40,000 a day. That means that we have operating expenses of $10,000 or $11,000 a day, but they're generating free cash flow on the order of about $30,000 a day. Having said that, we are seeing, right now, some weakness in the charter market. Day rates for those ships would probably be down 15% to 20% I would say, but unfortunately, those ships are on charter out through June and some for even longer than that. So, right now, we're not so worried about it. Additionally, we have, as you know, new build ships that are going to start to be delivered in the third or fourth quarter of this year. We have ordered four 300,000-ton tankers, and we've also ordered four 440,000-ton tankers. That will be delivered throughout the next year and a half or so, and its our belief and hope that the market for those ships will do very well. Number one, charters are willing to pay a premium for new double-hauled ships, and additionally, we think that if the market goes soft and there will be significant amount of scraping, that will occur to the older fleet. In the mean time, we have an agreement to sell one of our ships for about $15 million that would be used in FPSO project in Brazil. With respect to buying in more CNA, I prefer not to comment on that. Simply because it's a general rule, we don't comment on our share repurchases, and I consider repurchases of CNA could be to fall under that rule book. I'd rather let Pete go first with the interest and then Marty can answer the rest of the question.Sorry, I don't know if you are talking specifically about the parent or it's CNA. Let me just talk about CNA for a moment. At CNA, we tend to move from sector to sector whichever sector appears to be the cheapest to us. So, for example, we have moved out of municipal bonds at the end of last year and in the first quarter, and we moved significantly into corporate bonds because the spread had widened so much. Additionally, we've made some investments in bank loans for higher yielding credits, and we've also moved out of some of the mortgage back and agency paper. Right now, we are starting to lengthen our portfolio somewhat in response to the increase in interest rates that we've seen in the 10 year sector of the market. With respect to Loews, our investments have been pretty quiet and we've just been quietly trading the markets but there has been no major investment themes in what we're doing. Let me take the shipping first. As many of you may know, the shipping market has been very strong really for the past 6 to 9 months. We have an interest in 6 supertankers that were built in the 70s and those ships have been operating, as what we consider to be very, very favorable rates, for the past 3 quarters. Right now those ships are averaging, I would say, day rates of about $40,000 a day. That means that we have operating expenses of $10,000 or $11,000 a day, but they're generating free cash flow on the order of about $30,000 a day. Having said that, we are seeing, right now, some weakness in the charter market. Day rates for those ships would probably be down 15% to 20% I would say, but unfortunately, those ships are on charter out through June and some for even longer than that. So, right now, we're not so worried about it. Additionally, we have, as you know, new build ships that are going to start to be delivered in the third or fourth quarter of this year. We have ordered four 300,000-ton tankers, and we've also ordered four 440,000-ton tankers. That will be delivered throughout the next year and a half or so, and its our belief and hope that the market for those ships will do very well. Number one, charters are willing to pay a premium for new double-hauled ships, and additionally, we think that if the market goes soft and there will be significant amount of scraping, that will occur to the older fleet. In the mean time, we have an agreement to sell one of our ships for about $15 million that would be used in FPSO project in Brazil. With respect to buying in more CNA, I prefer not to comment on that. Simply because it's a general rule, we don't comment on our share repurchases, and I consider repurchases of CNA could be to fall under that rule book. I think what I would like to do is introduce Martin Orlowsky who is the Chief Executive Officer of Lorillard and have him answer that question. Marty? Good morning everybody. I'd like to talk about, first, our results for the quarter [_______________] and then I'm going to turn this over to Pete Keegan who is going to go into a bit more depth concerning the financial results. In general, we were very pleased with results for Loews for the first quarter of 2001. Our earnings per share increased a 166% on the strength of improved operating performance by our subsidiaries, and also, significantly larger investment gains at both CNA and at Loews. Net operating income was up by over 10% to $1.51 per share, up from $1.37 per share. Most importantly, from my perspective though, book value per share increased significantly rising to $59.82 per share, up from $56.74 per share at the end of the year 2000, and up about 20% from the same time in the first quarter of 2000 when the book value per share was $49.78. Going through each of our individual businesses, I would like to start with Lorillard, which continued to perform well despite a weakening economy and a softer market for consumer goods. Newport in unit volume, which represents over 80% of our volume, was up about 5% against a year-over-year period at 7.9 billion versus 7.5 billion units. We also had a brand extension in Newport, introducing in this quarter, Newport Medium. We continued to seed a market share in the discount segment because our focus remained on profitability, not on market share. With respect to CNA, many of you on the line were just previously connected to the CNA conference call; so, I am not going to review CNA in depth.The highlights though are, the net income and book value per share increased appreciably in the first quarter of 2001 versus first quarter of 2000. With respect to book value per share on a per CNA share basis, book value increased to $55.21 versus $52.64 at yearend 2000, and $49.21 at the end of the first quarter of 2000. Net operating income on a comparable basis increased by 24% quarter-over-quarter, and CNA's core property, casualty business, made progress in its turnaround. All the individual life business continued to deliver strong results and the group life business showed strong profit improvement as well. In Diamond Offshore, they fared very well in the first quarter of 2001. They previously reported their earnings. Their revenues grew by 22% and their net income grew by almost 25% over the first quarter of 2000. Generally, all the markets in which Diamond operates throughout the world showed improvement, but I'd like to highlight, if I could, what's going on in the intermediate water-depth market where our second-generation semisubmersibles operate. That market, until the beginning of 2001, had really lagged the recovery in the jackup markets and the ultra-deepwater markets. But in the first quarter of this year, we have seen a significant improvement in the second-generation market that has benefited Diamond Offshore. Currently, today, we're seeing rates on the order of $60,000 a day in the Gulf of Mexico for a standard 2000-foot capable semisubmersible. That's up from about $35,000 a day that we saw just 6 months ago, and not only has the day rate improved, but also the utilization has improved such that the rigs are being used full time rather than being stocked for significant periods of time as happened previously in 2000.Generally, Diamond is seeing, as I mentioned, good improvement in all rig classes in all areas of the world. Two reasons I would like to highlight are the Ocean Confidence, which went on its inaugural 5-year contract with BP in the Gulf of Mexico on January 5th, 2001. That rig is performing very, very well with very few shakedown problems. So, we are very pleased with the operation of that rig and I have high hopes for its future. Additionally, the Ocean Baroness is in the shipyard and it is still on track for delivery in the first quarter of 2002, so, a little less than a year from now. That's a rig that we are upgrading for about a $180 million that will be capable of operating in water depths up to 6000 feet. It's a fifth-generation rig that we are doing on speculation, and again, that's something we have high hopes for. I would also like to mention the refinancing that Diamond Offshore did in April of this year. In April, Diamond called and redeemed its 3 in 3/4% Convertible Subordinated Notes that we'll do in 2007. This was basically the first time that those notes were callable. We called them and we paid out the $400 million in cash, and a day or two later, we issued $460 million of 1% Convertible Senior Debentures that are due in 2031. We view this as a very favorable transaction because we lowered our interest expense from 3 in 3/4% down to 1.5%, and we also raised the conversion price from $40.5 a share to about $49 a share. At Loews Hotels, they had a difficult quarter in part, as a result of the softer New York market, and also resulting from higher utility cost especially in other California Hotel.In January, we opened The Hard Rock Hotel at Universal Orlando, and the third project at The Park, The Royal Pacific at Universal Orlando is scheduled to open in 2002. I should say that we are very pleased with the reception that we've had for The Hard Rock Hotel. It's really exceeding our projections with its initial opening and doing very well. At Bulova, they suffered from weakness in consumer spending in the first quarter of 01. The net sales fell by $3.2 million compared to the first quarter of 2000, and earnings dropped about 10%. Overall, we're seeing good price increases in CNA and in Diamond Offshore, and Lorillard, likewise, is performing very well. The hotels in Bulova are both affected by the apparent slowdown in our national economy. But overall, we are very satisfied with the year-to-date performance of Loews and its subsidiaries. Now, to get into a bit more detail on our earnings. I would like to turn this over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. I'd rather let Pete go first with the interest and then Marty can answer the rest of the question.Let me start off with the diversification question and then I'll turn this over to Pete to answer the accounting question. With respect to diversification, we have been saying for more than the past ten years that we've been looking for other businesses to acquire. In fact, we were saying that before we got into the offshore drilling business. There is nothing new that results from the sale of Carolina Group with respect to our efforts to find other businesses. We are constantly looking for businesses. That's nothing new. We have very stringent requirements for those with respect to returns to share holders. And, we can't define exactly -- it's sort of like pornography, we can't define exactly what we're looking for, but we believe that when we come up with it, we're going to know that it's really the one that fits the bill. So, we're continuing to look and so far haven't found anything that fills our bill. Let me turn this now over to Pete who can talk to you about the cash flow and cash position numbers. No. We are buying only very high quality merchandise. There are a few reasons. Number one, because Loews would like to get this money back at some point in time. So when CNA's capital is strengthened, we are hopeful that the board of CNA will repay this preferred stock so that they can pay dividends on the common stock. Additionally, we like to -- we bend over backwards at Loews to treat the -- all our minority shareholders at all our subsidiaries fairly on the theory that in treating them as fairly as possible, to go the extra step for them, that the marketplace will recognize that and provide superior valuation for those shares. And if the marketplace does that, that will then come back to benefit Loews, because for many of you, Loews is viewed as the sum of the part. Currently, Loews owns 90% of CNA, so the idea of picking up a few extra percentage points, which may have been viewed as doing so at the detriment to the minority shareholders, just wasn't of interest to us. Explain what you mean. I don't -- Our pleasure. We like them. The business is good. Diamond Offshore went from worst to first. It lost money in the first half of '04. It made a little money in the second half of '04. In '05 it generated, it earned $1.70 a share and paid that out in cash flow to the shareholders. It has announced a plan to continue paying out special dividends based on earnings and the financial condition of the company. And the analyst estimates for earnings for '06 are north of $5.00 in '07. I think they are north of $7.00 or $8.00. So from our perspective there is good earnings momentum. There are rigs as I said being built but it is not a flood of rigs. And I believe that the cycle can continue and that we can have very significant cash flows coming out of Diamond Offshore. Let me try to address a number of the issues that you have mentioned. Number one, we are entirely focused on shareholder value. With respect to the board, first of all, there are five insiders on the board and there are six outsiders on the board. Those people that are outside the company are entirely independent directors, and I would stack them up against any directors that you might have, might suggest from other companies. With respect to the report that you cited, I have not seen it, but if you want off-line, you could send it to me and I would be happy to debate it. But, I stand by our board 100 percent. With respect our subsidiaries, there are a number of them that are -- I submit to you they are all doing well within the context of their industry. Lorillard has done very, very well within the context of the tobacco industry. This is really the first quarter that it is have a significant drop in its operating income. When you look at our competitors, their income has dropped significantly in prior years and prior quarters. So, Lorillard as Marty said, is doing its best to balance profitability and long-term viability and has found in this quarter that it had to step its promotional spending in order to compete more aggressively with the yet more aggressive competition from others. When we look at CNA, I see a company that has good news and bad news. The good news is that the business that we are writing now is very strong and very profitable. We have a new management in place that has dramatically turned around the book of business, and that business is doing well. The problem relates to the legacy issues. Primarily in accident years 2000 and prior. The company is doing its best to clean out those problems so that CNA can earn much better rates of return on its capital going forward. With respect to the payout, I am not so sure that dividends dramatically affect the value of the stock. Loews likes to spend its cash and its capital so they can take advantage of opportunities. That is how we got into the shipping business in the early '80s, that is how we got into the offshore drilling business, which I will tell you that when we took it public, we got back all of our investment so that the investment that we now have in Diamond Offshore, which is almost worth $1.5 billion at depressed values is basically free and clear for Loews. Certainly had we not had the cash on a balance sheet, we would not a been able to make the very attractive acquisition of Texas Gas just this past spring. So, we are here trying to build value. We are cognizant of all of our different constituents. Shareholders, employees, rating agencies, and customers, and we try to balance all of those. Sometimes it may look to you and to other shareholders like we are not giving appropriate weight to how we balance those items, but we think that we are, and I think for sure our Board concurs. Thank you. Look at your own earnings valuation for CNA. What is it trading at? Six times earnings? Well, it's going to be difficult to really figure out what the growth in Carolina Group income is because there are going to be dividends that are going to be paid, there may be denotional debt that's going to be repaid that would take away from Carolina Group income. And likewise, interest rates are moving allover. Right now, we're putting some of the money into intermediate term bonds, but not a lot. So, the rest of the money is going into cash and a lot of that return will depend a lot on what Allen Greenspan does. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. In that case, we'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. As a reminder, in about two hours, a replay of this call will be available through our website, Loews.com, until May 16, 2002. CNA's call will also be archived later in the day on CNA's website, until May 16th. And once again, thank you very much. We are considering a number of very modest gross opportunities. I'm talking opportunities on the order of $10m to $20m, so they are not big and they would be opportunities that we would only consider doing if we believed that there would be a very rapid payback from doing those capital spending. Explain what you mean. I don't -- Almost anything you write. I think you just did. No, we've talked to -- the Boardwalk management has talked to the customers and they understand exactly what's going on. They have been kept fully informed and unfortunately, there's nothing that we can do. We have to get the regulatory approval before we can operate the pipes at full pressure. In terms of dividends, we see no problem getting the cash from Texas - the cash earnings from Texas Gas up to the parent company, and as for a higher offer; we have signed a definitive purchase agreement with Williams. So I think, if there is a higher offer somebody have to make it up so that we can reject it. Good morning. Absolutely. But the problem is very simply that if we announce that Boardwalk was going to raise $500 million in the fourth quarter of this year, the stock will probably trade down to 15, 16 or 17. It's a crazy valuation. Even at $20 a share, I think it's a crazy valuation. It yields close -- between 9% and 10% at these levels, and that's basically all tax free because shareholders get the cash distribution, which is the yield, plus they also get a tax deduction, which is almost equal to the amount of the cash distribution. So it's a phenomenal investment and we are only here at these values, I believe, because there is enormous liquidation taking place in the MLP marketplace combined with the fact that as you -- if any MLP tries to access the markets for liquidity, the market exacts an enormous, enormous price and what Loews is saying is that we are willing to step in front of the market and buy these securities because we think they are very, very attractive. Yes. You'll notice at the end of our Carolina Group press release it says, &quot;Depending upon market conditions, the company for the account of Carolina Group from time to time may purchase shares of Carolina Group stock in the open market or otherwise.&quot; I am not talking about returns on capital. I am talking about returns on cash that we have at the parent company. No, that's wrong. It's 10% for five years and then it resets to 700 basis points over Treasury ten-year notes, and it resets either the higher of either that reset amount or 10%. We've hunkered down. Everything that we buy, we buy with the expectation that worse comes to worse, we will hold it to maturity. We have, at CNA, we have two different classes of assets. We have assets in our asset liability account, which is a matched portfolio, which reflects scheduled payments that we have, and that has a duration of I think 12 or 13 years. That has a significant mark-to-market loss in it, but there is also a corresponding unrealized mark-to-mark gain in the liability related to those assets. So I don't worry at all about that mark-to-market loss. In our asset account, we have a duration of about five years. That represents about 70% of the portfolio. That's got a five-year duration. So with the duration being so short, it's providing us with significant amounts of cash flow on a monthly basis to reinvest in the marketplace, and so we find that we are able to buy municipal, ten-year municipal notes. We were able to buy at over 5%. We were able to buy A-rated corporate bonds at 100% of -- twice the yield of government bonds. These are absolutely bonanza type returns that we are able to earn in the investment portfolio, and we are buying good quality merchandise that worse comes to worse, we'll be happy to own until they mature. But there are, just as we have this mark-to-market loss, what it means is that there is great investment opportunities in the marketplace and we are taking advantage of it. Well, but -- yes, that's right. But Diamond also declared another $2 dividend when they reported their first quarter earnings, and that's been received in the second quarter -- will be received. No. No, the answer is no. The reason is because first of all you have to look at this by rig class. And so let's look at fifth generation semisubmersible rigs or semisubmersible breaks overall. There are about 150 to 200 of them in the world. If you want to build a new one it will cost you about $600 million. It will take you about four years to get delivery and then you've got to break the rig in. And if you're going to build that rig for sure in most every case you are not going to get a contract from an oil company to charter that rig until you are a year, maybe if you are lucky two years away from completion of the rig. So building a rig in today's market is highly speculative. The same goes for building jackup rigs. Combined with that fact is that the rig fleet in general is getting dramatically older. There have not been significant deletions from the fleet since the fleet was built. The fleet probably has an average age of my guess would be 20 to 22 years. A lot of our rigs were built in the early '80s; a lot of them were upgraded. But in fact all of them have been upgraded in one way or another. But there are an awful lot of old rigs in the fleet. And so to some extent the rig building that is going on now will overlap and basically be a replacement rigs for the rigs that are getting old and decrepit and just uneconomic in a technological sense. And our Texas Gas is a SEC filer, so you can take a look at their latest 10-K, which is pretty fresh, and that will give all the information that you need. Let me put on Dennis Millet who is the CFO of HighMount, to answer your question. Okay. Yes. There was -- Joan Tisch, my aunt; Bob Tisch's widow who recently sold some shares. I think she sold 21 million shares. And those were done entirely for estate planning purposes. We are going to let CNA invest primarily in the financial markets. They have a bigger portfolio than us. They have like a $38 billion or $39 billion portfolio, and those investments historically have been done in CNA, and we are going to keep them there. You know, I'm going to direct you if I could to Texas Gas' Form 10-K. I had a conversation with Council this morning and they advised us of a new SEC regulation that pretty much prevents us, as management from talking about EBITDA. So -- We hope so, but you know, we're still not through the quarter. So we have to wait and see. You know, I can't -- making predictions about limited partnership income is very, very dicey. So I don't want to do that. We've been studying the pipeline industry for the past year as we sensed that there were going to be a number of pipeline properties that would be put on the market. And we had a sense that there would be a good values there, and it's now -- it's taken about a year to find a value that we are very comfortable with. It's just to be 100% sure that CNA will have all the capital that it needs. Look, this is permanent financing because this is preferred stock with no maturity date. So in one sense it is permanent financing, but we are also hopeful that it will be a more like bridge financing, that CNA's capital will, when the markets come back to some sanity, be in a position that it can return this cash to Loews. When Loews put in cash previously into CNA, again, we got a lot of it back in the form of cash and some of it back in the form of stock, but I'm hopeful that we will get this investment back sooner rather than later. We are seeing pricing declining at a less rapid rate. So the second derivative is positive. And we are hopeful that over time, we'll actually see price improvement. What's happened is that -- typically in a cycle, capital gets depleted by losses and natural disasters. That hasn't occurred this time, but what has occurred is that capital has been severely depleted as a result of the financial markets. And as you know, there are some insurers that are in some degree of financial stress and we are hopeful that with all that stress going around that the industry will be able to get some price increases and that CNA will be able to, number one, increase its market share and also get those price increases as well. That's correct. It says that we can raise - build up to 150 million but no more. To the extent that there's more either the dividends would have to be raised or debt would be paid down. That's total share repurchases. No, we really don't know it, and we're just putting that together right now. I think Pete said that there is $12 million a month of lost revenue. What did you say, Pete? $12 million a month -- for the quarter. For Loews? Okay. We didn't say that on the call but the after-tax cash flow returns that I was talking about was after all of -- all capital expenditures are made by Texas Gas. Good morning. Good morning everybody. Net income in the second quarter improved over the comparable period last year but the second quarter of '03 was generally not a particular robust period for Loews and its subsidiaries. We're disappointed by the quarter's results especially with those for CNA. Nevertheless CNA's results reflect legacy issues relating to the 2000 accident year end prior and its property casualty business is otherwise doing very well. As you just heard, CNA recorded a net operating loss for the quarter as a result of unfavorable reserve development in its property casualty segment which relates primarily to workers compensation and D&O coverages as well as to an adverse arbitration decision disclosed earlier in the order. These events were discussed on a CNA conference call that concluded just moments ago and for which a replay will be available shortly. Although its prior year net reserve developments proved a burden in the quarter, CNA's current accident year continues to show a good deal of strength as rate increases remain vigorous and the recent net accident your loss ratio improved 7 points year-over-year. Lorillard's second quarter earnings were significantly impacted by increased promotional spending as well as a number of other factors but I will let Marty Orlowsky, Lorillard's CEO fill you in on the issues regarding tobacco in just a few minutes. Diamond Offshore which recorded a loss for the second quarter continues to suffer from weakness in the offshore drilling market. Demand for InterMedia Gulf of Mexico semi-submersibles remain soft. However, Diamond Offshore deepwater semi-submersibles or utilization rates rise both sequentially and year-over-year. And the Gulf of Mexico jack-up market now appears to be in the early stages of recovery although this was not yet evident in the jack-up dayrates for the quarter. Utilization for independent leg cantilever rigs is now about 95 percent in the Gulf of Mexico. High enough for us to see some movement in dayrates for those rigs in the near future. Bulova reported lower net income in the quarter as weak consumer spending patterns led to lower sales volume for all its core brands except Accutron. Loews Hotels as evidenced by its lower net income in the quarter continues to suffer from persistent weakness in the travel leisure market. Some major markets have however begun to show signs of a rebound. Loews Hotels also recently made some adjustments to its asset portfolio. In late July, we sold the Metropolitan Hotel, a New York hotel that we have owned since 1961. In the second quarter, Loews Hotels signed a management agreement for 137 room hotel in Beverly Hills and assumed management responsibility for the Don Cesar Resort and Beach House Suites in St. Pete Beach Florida. As you may know, Loews completed the acquisition of Texas Gas Transmission this past quarter. In its first reporting period as a Loews subsidiary, Texas Gas reported slightly higher revenues and significantly improved earnings over that posted in the second quarter of '02. Texas Gas' earnings improvement was due in part to cost reductions resulting from it's acquisition by Loews. Now I would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will provide some more insight into the financial performance of Loews. Yes, because I'm not willing to put out the all clear signal after one quarter of performance, especially when the stimulus money and the trillions of dollars that the fed is putting into the economy may be affecting or distorting the numbers. And that was dividends received of $140 million. And we also received $63 million of dividends from Boardwalk and $31 million of dividends from CNA on the preferred shares that we own. Yes, I -- I'm not going to contemplate CNA trading at $5 a share. David, there's one other thing I'd add, and that is that they grew very rapidly because they had an umbrella in the - these minor manufacturers didn't have to pay any MSA payments based on their base volume. And now that there volumes are increasing rather significantly they are going to see very significant increases in their MSA payments. And if you look at it based on the marginal cigarette, they're not paying that much less than the original four manufacturers with respect to MSA payments. That gap is narrowing significantly. The current management team. Yes, it is a very good management team based in Owensboro, Kentucky and we have every intention of keeping the management of the company down there to run the business. There are limited re-investment opportunities in Lorillard, but remember also that Lorillard has or Carolina Group has outstanding, just under $2 billion of the notional intergroup note. And what isn't being spent on dividends generally is being used to pay down that note, which it started out originally at $2.5 billion. That note is now a billion, 941 million dollars; it has an interest rate of 8%. So the sooner that note is paid down, the sooner there's more income for all other shareholders as that interest expense goes away, and also there will then be the cash flow available such that it can all be used for dividends. and assuming there is no income, nor all other shareholders is that interest expense gos away and also there will then be the cash flow available, such that it can all be used for dividends. Good morning. Yes. The investment income? Yeah, I'd like to leave that up to the board of directors. But that 150 million can be replenished. It doesn't have to be replenished. It doesn't have to be replenished all in one quarter. Funds - cash flow from Lorillard to Carolina Group can be used to pay down debt, and can be used for dividend increases, and can be used for share purposes - share repurchases. So it's a - as I say, a Chinese menu. No. We had to follow the process, but the process was actually very quick, and I think that we were one of the prime bidders because Williams wanted to do a transaction which could close relatively quickly. Loews had the advantage that number one; we are not in the business, so there would be no Hart-Scott issues. And number two Williams understood that a transaction that we would do was not going to be subject to financing, which is also very important to them. We are seeing pricing declining at a less rapid rate. So the second derivative is positive. And we are hopeful that over time, we'll actually see price improvement. What's happened is that -- typically in a cycle, capital gets depleted by losses and natural disasters. That hasn't occurred this time, but what has occurred is that capital has been severely depleted as a result of the financial markets. And as you know, there are some insurers that are in some degree of financial stress and we are hopeful that with all that stress going around that the industry will be able to get some price increases and that CNA will be able to, number one, increase its market share and also get those price increases as well. Well, the Carolina debt that was paid down during the quarter was resulted from the excess cash that we had after the dividend that we received from Lorillard, less the dividend payments that were made. So that totaled about $40 million. I'm not exactly sure what you are talking about with respect to the $8 million gain? It's just to be 100% sure that CNA will have all the capital that it needs. Look, this is permanent financing because this is preferred stock with no maturity date. So in one sense it is permanent financing, but we are also hopeful that it will be a more like bridge financing, that CNA's capital will, when the markets come back to some sanity, be in a position that it can return this cash to Loews. When Loews put in cash previously into CNA, again, we got a lot of it back in the form of cash and some in the form of stock, but I'm hopeful that we will get this investment back sooner rather than later. I don't know what Williams is looking at. My sense is that they probably viewed it as a consistent earner, but Williams is in the unfortunate position where it has to generate a substantial amount of liquidity because of debt maturities that it has. So, I think they had to sell assets that they considered to be marketable so that they could get the cash, so that they could satisfy their obligations. What drives the decision is that after Carolina Group has built up its $150 million of cash, it's basically obligated to pay down the debt. Yeah, that's about right. Yes. Just to let you know, back to a prior question, Marty Orlowsky tells me that the cost of goods sold per thousand is up about one percent in the quarter due to volume. But, Rob, I don't think you can talk now, but we'll get to you directly on that. Look at your own earnings valuation for CNA. What is it trading at? Six times earnings? Thank you Thank you Josh. Good morning and welcome to this call to discuss the planned addition of a new Loews subsidiary, Texas Gas Transmission Corporation. I thought, we would give you a brief description of the asset that Loews intends to acquire and what attracted us to it and then open up the call to any questions that you might have. We will not answer questions on this call that pertain to Loews' financial results or those of our subsidiaries. There will be a conference call in early May to review our first quarter '03 results. Texas Gas Transmission Corp. owns and operates a 5800-mile 2.8b cubic feet per day interstate pipeline that transports natural gas from the Gulf of Mexico Coast to markets in the Midsouth through the Midwest. It also serves the Northeast through connections with other pipeline systems. The key delivery points that Texas Gas serves are Memphis, Louisville, Indianapolis, Cincinnati, and Lebanon, Ohio. Texas Gas has a stable customer base of local distribution companies and municipalities with investment grade ratings and has substantial firm transportation contracts. After having considered a number of different assets for acquisition over the last several years, we have agreed to purchase Texas Gas from the Williams Companies in a transaction valued at $1.045b. The purchase price includes $795m of cash and $250m of Texas Gas debt. This implies evaluation multiple slightly in excess a seven times Texas Gas' 2002 EBITDA based on the information that's available in their 10-K. In the last seven or eight years, comparable pipeline acquisitions have been transacted at EBITDA multiples that range from just under seven times to a just over an 11 times. More recent transactions have been at the lower end of that range as a result of industry wide liquidity driven sales. The purchase of Texas Gas will primarily be financed from Loews strong cash position. We anticipate spending about 250m of that cash to acquire Texas Gas. We are currently, sorry -- we expect to spend about $520m of that cash to acquire Texas Gas. We are currently in discussion to a range -- for an additional $275m or so of debt to be placed on the pipeline company or the intermediate pipeline holding company subsidiary that we've created. This would bring the debt to total capitalization ratio of our pipeline entities to about 50%. When all is said and done, we believe the Texas Gas, which currently have publicly traded debt and is therefore rated by the major ratings agencies will be a strong investment grade credit. At the end of 2002, we indicated on our earnings conference call that we had just under $2b in cash and short-term investments at the Loews holding company level. All other things being equal, which of course will depend on our financing efforts, our operating results for the year, and other unforeseen events. We expect that our cash balance at the end of the year will be roughly unchanged from its current level. After having studied the pipeline industry for well over a year, having engaged a number of industry consultants, and having scrutinized a number of other pipeline transactions, we believe that Texas Gas would be a great addition to Loews for a number of reasons. For one, we are very comfortable operating in the energy sector. As you know, we have interest in offshore drilling, to our holdings in Diamond Offshore and in crude tankers to our holding in Majestic Shipping. Both of these companies have been able to perform well in their respective sectors. For another, businesses with any sort of stable after-tax free cash flow are hard to find. Texas Gas has produced reliable cash flows that should generate cash-on-cash return on our equity investment comfortably in the low double-digit range. That is cash after all taxes, all Texas Gas capital spending, cash that can be placed in the Loews cash register. Next to pre-tax returns of 1% on T bills and 4% on 10-year government notes. We think that this spread of more than a 1000 basis points, more than compensates us for any additional risk. Although there are competing pipelines in a number of its markets, Texas Gas has several important competitive strengths. First, it has substantial storage capacity, which gives it significant flexibility in delivering gas to customers. Second, a substantial number of newly built peak and combined cycle power plants have recently or are about to come on line. The majority of these plants have sold pipe tethers to Texas Gas pipelines, which means that they are not connected to any other pipeline. Third and importantly, Texas Gas also has an experienced and highly capable management team that has developed strong relationships with its customers. For all these reasons, we are very excited about welcoming Texas Gas as a new Loews subsidiary. We think we have acquired the right asset, with the right people, at the right time. And now I'd be happy to answer any questions that you might have about this transaction. I do ... No. We are buying only very high quality merchandise. I think so. Which proceeds? Thank you, Josh. Four hurricanes in five weak weeks is an unpleasant thing for anyone to endure. Yet in spite of our exposure to the severe '04 hurricane season, to our insurance offshore drilling, and hotel businesses, third quarter results for Loews were solid. At CNA better underwriting discipline and the expense management continue to be the theme. Underlying the noise from reserve charges taken last year, and hurricane losses this past quarter, is a marked improvement in operating results. We are confident that in time, CNA's financial results will reflect this improved performance. Lorillard had a good quarter and registering increases in revenues an income, both sequentially and year-over-year. Newport grew its share of the menthol market, while the competitive pressures from deep-discount brands continue to show signs of stabilizing. We'll return to Marty Orlowsky to give us more color on all things tobacco in just a moment. Diamond Offshore was also impacted by inclimate weather in the Gulf of Mexico. Specifically, Hurricane Ivan, also known as Ivan the Terrible in the oil patch, caused a lot of damage to offshore drilling rigs in the region. It passed directly over a number of Diamond Offshore rigs, inflicting significant damage to three of these rigs. Fortunately, all but about $5 million in deductibles was covered by insurance policies. Two semi-submersibles affected by Ivan are again operating, while the one damaged Jackup, the Ocean Warwick, will have to spend time in the shipyard to undergo repairs. Nevertheless, the real story from the Gulf is a significant ongoing rebound in the offshore drilling market. Sustained high commodity prices have finally encouraged exploration and production companies to resume significant capital spending programs. And as a result, the market for rigs has tightened materially, and day rates have increased dramatically. Diamond Offshore saw demand for its fleet increase significantly for the quarter, prompting the company to reactivate rigs it had cold stocked during the slack market conditions. Texas Gas continues to perform well, producing the consistent double-digit cash-on-cash returns that we had anticipated when we acquired the company in May of '03. During the second quarter, Texas Gas sign agreements with customers and filed an application with the FERT to expand its storage capacity. Due to the interest received during the marketing of additional storage capacity, Texas Gas has initiated a second open season for additional firm storage capacity to be add by late 2006. Both storage capacity expansion projects will be financed with funds generated from Texas Gas's operation. Loews Hotels benefited from a generally robust lodging market, but was negatively impacted by the hurricanes that battled the state of Florida in August and September. Hurricane-related loss revenues are estimated about $5 million. An addition, Loews Hotel Orlando were damaged by the storms. Repair costs totaled almost $2 million and were shared by Loews Hotels and its Orlando partners. For all of Loews Hotels, occupancy during the quarter was more or less flat against the previous year, mainly as a result of the negative impact from the severe hurricane season, while average room rates rose materially. Now I would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will speak in greater detail about the financial performance of Loews this the past quarter. Repeat that again. CNA has a strong, strong business, and I'm just confident that having it trade publicly is in the long-term good of Loews shareholders and CNA shareholders, and I don't want to do anything based on some crazy pricing that is taking place over the short-term. We are going to let CNA invest primarily in the financial markets. They have a bigger portfolio than us. They have like a $38 billion or $39 billion portfolio, and those investments historically have been done in CNA, and we are going to keep them there. And that was dividends received of $140 million. And we also received $63 million of dividends from Boardwalk and $31 million of dividends from CNA on the preferred shares that we own. Yes, we would like to, if we can find the right properties at attractive prices and my anticipation is that that will occur. But to date, we haven't seen much evidence of it. Times up. Buying out the minority stubs would not have -- first of all, would not have added capital to CNA, which was the primary goal. Second, we think that CNA being public is very, very important. I think it's good for CNA, I think it's good for Loews. If CNA weren't public, all the analysts would probably be complaining to us that there's no transparency to Loews and they don't know what's doing at our subsidiary with the largest balance sheet. So we like the fact that CNA is public, that it's transparent, that everybody can see what is going on. And that you have got to take the good with the bad. Shareholders of Loews are able to compute on a minute by minute basis, the sum of the parts valuation of Loews. Now my view is, the reason I said you have got to take the good with the bad is that usually, that is a good thing. On a day like today when CNA stock, to me, is trading at crazy ridiculous levels, it just means that the sum of the parts is also at crazy levels. But we'll deal with that nonetheless. Hold on just one second. I will tell you what you can do, you can call Josh Kahn after the call, and we will see if we can get that, have it. Also, Texas Gas is a filer with the FCC. So, you the other place you can get that information is from Edgar. Like I said, we don't -- we have not yet had a negotiation with Boardwalk to determine the exact nature of the investment. And again, if the public markets are there, then I'm sure the company would be very happy to sell additional units to the public. We haven't fully decided how we are going to put the equity capital into Boardwalk. So it's too early to tell. Yes, our percentage interest in Carolina Group would increase. When shares are purchased, the amount of money that comes into Carolina Group is allocated between Loews and the other shareholders, and the other shareholders would be allocated less money because it would be fewer shares. No, it's $865 million. So first of all, we haven't curtailed all drilling. We are still doing some modest drilling in Michigan and also in Alabama. But we've ceased drilling in our largest area, which is Sonora. Now, we have not, we have not shut in production and it's not from not wanting to. Rather, we've determined that the damage to the wells by shutting in production is just too great and so it's not economic to shut those wells in. No, we've talked to -- the Boardwalk management has talked to the customers and they understand exactly what's going on. They have been kept fully informed and unfortunately, there's nothing that we can do. We have to get the regulatory approval before we can operate the pipes at full pressure. Yeah, but don't count on us doing it with ten-year notes at 4%. I won't comment on the balance of the year, but all I'm saying is that we have not substantially increased our free goods promotions. Our major form of promotion continues to be in terms of retail discounting. Good morning to everybody, and welcome. Generally, weak economic conditions led to difficult operating environment for a number of Loews' subsidiaries in the third quarter of 2002. But overall, our operating performance continues to improve. We're pleased that the year-to-date performance for each of our subsidiaries, especially within the context of their own industries, has done so well. Net operating income has increased significantly, from $116 million in the third quarter of '01, to $190 million in the third quarter of '02. However, I should note that last year's quarter included a significant charge at CNA, relating to the World Trade Center attacks. The book value per share at the end of the third quarter of this year rose to $61.09 a share, from $59.18 per share at the end of the second quarter of '02, and from $50.39 at year end '01. For the quarter, Loews repurchased 664 thousand shares, at an aggregate cost of about $33 million, or a total of about $50.30 per share. Year to date, Loews has purchased almost 6.1 million shares, at an aggregate cost of about $344 million. Additionally, Loews, through its Carolina Group, made use of the weakness in the tobacco equity sector during the third quarter, to buy back 340 thousand Carolina Group shares at an average cost of about $7.7 million, or about $22.60 per Carolina Group Share. Let me just take a few moments to take a brief walk through the different subsidiaries of Loews, I want to start with Lorillard. Lorillard faced a more competitive environment in the third quarter of '02. Excise taxing increases weakened consumer confidence, and unfavorable industry dynamics cost combined to create a more competitive pricing environment in the quarter. These factors, in addition to particularly difficult year earlier comparisons, caused Newport unit sales to drop 11 percent year over year, versus the third quarter of '01. However, it is important to note that our market share remained basically unchanged. For the first nine months of '02, Newport unit buyings declined about 1.1 percent year over year. You should note that shipment numbers from tobacco manufacturers can vary widely from the actual retail consumption. And in fact, in the third quarter of '02, our retail consumption was not down nearly as much as shipments. Marty Orlowsky, when he makes his comments concerning Lorillard and Carolina Group, can address that further. In the discount segment, Lorillard continued to cede market share as our main focus remains profitability. Marty Orlowsky will give you more color on the tobacco situation in just a few minutes. At CNA, they just completed their conference call about ten minutes ago, their results were not stellar, but things are going very well at the company. The wind is currently at CNA's back We are continuing to see significant price increases in CNA's property and casualty business. Increases are on the order of 25 to 30 percent. Additionally, the process of reunderwriting CNA's book of business is almost complete, and for sure the new management team in slowly in place. There were two items that adversely affected this year's results for CNA. Number one, the limited partnership income at CNA for the third quarter was down significantly from the prior year. Additionally, there were European storms that affected CNA's profitability. But the long and short of it is that we are pleased with CNA's progress to date, and we expect its performance to continue to improve. At Diamond Offshore, the results were weaker in the third quarter of '02 than a year ago. Reflecting continued softness in the offshore drilling sector. Despite the current sector weakness, oil and gas price levels indicate that an improvement should soon be at hand. Exploration activity has been impeded, in part by the consolidation that has taken place over the past year or two among the oil companies. But as these newly formed companies' budgets get sorted out and responsibilities get sorted out, we're hopeful that the offshore drilling activity will increase. Diamond is reaping the benefits, though, of the strong balance sheet in an otherwise weak market. And we're doing a number of things to capitalize on the current soft environment. First, on November 5, Diamond announced that it has agreed to purchase a third-generation rig named the Omega in South Africa for about $65 million. This price is down significantly from prior transactions for third-generation rigs. Diamond is also reviewing a number other rigs for possible acquisition. We continue to make capital improvements to our fleet, as well, which we are able to do because of our strong balance sheet. As you all know, the $170 million upgrade to the Ocean Baroness was completed earlier this year, and that rig is currently working in Asia. We're currently embarked upon a $200 million upgrade of the Ocean Rover to fifth-generation specifications, and that continues on schedule and on budget. We are in the process of $100 million upgrade of [INAUDIBLE] of Mexico jack-up rigs that began in the second quarter of '02. That program's completion stands to coincide nicely with the expected rebound of the jack-up market. Additionally, Diamond made use of the interim weakness in its share price, spending about $43 million so far this year to buy back 1.7 million shares of its common stock. In the hotel sector, Loews Hotels results were down slightly relative to the third quarter of '02 as the travel and leisure market continues to face continue head winds. In the third quarter of this year, occupancy rates were stronger, up about 2.7 percentage points versus the prior year, but room rates continued to lag, down about 3 percent from last year. The Royal Pacific Resort at Universal Orlando, which is our third hotel in the park, opened in mid June, and in the first quarter of operation, we saw very strong results with occupancy rates at over 83 percent. Loews Hotels additionally plans to open a new 285-room hotel in New Orleans in just about a year from now. We will manage the Loews' New Orleans Hotel so there's no significant capital investment required and the hotel is in what has proven to be a strong and resilient market. The figures for comparable hotels in New Orleans are down only about one percent year to date. For Bulova, we have stronger results relative to last year's quarter. That's largely the result of the addition of the Wittnauer brands in 01. And sales of a license agreement signed in May of '01 with Harley Davidson. Weak economic conditions continue to affect the company's performance and Bulova and Caravelle brand volumes have declined in the third quarter of '02. But the clock volume is up strongly. Bulova's well-rounded portfolio brands increase the operating efficiency and the international expansion efforts hopefully should continue to sustain Bulova's success. With respect to investment performance, our aggregate gains in the investment portfolios were the result of an overweight exposure that we had to fixed income securities, which generally performed very well in the third quarter of of '02. To sum up, despite the overall weak economic conditions and certain difficult markets, we're still seeing solid trends in a number of our businesses. With that, I'd like to turn this over to Pete Keegan, who can talk more about the finances of Loews. These things go in phases. Sometimes companies trade at discounts, sometimes they trade at premiums. There is no real saying just when they will do either. We believe that our subsidiaries have very good value that they are performing very well, and at some point in time, we believe that the market will recognize that. Beyond that I cannot say anything. You know I prefer not to talk about anything else that we are working at right now. You don't have to tiptoe out the risk curve in order to get good returns here. When we do that, we'll let you know by press release. It is not appropriate for us to talk about what we are going to do in terms of our ownership of any of our subsidiaries. We looked at a whole number of different measures, we looked at EBITDA, we looked at PE multiple net income compared to the price that we are going to pay for this. But the most important measure in my mind in looking at this was the after-tax cash flow, which is the free cash after all, interests, all capital spending and the part of Texas Gas, the free cash and after all taxes that would come into the Loews coffers. And then we did a lot of testing with our consultants to assure ourselves that the company would be able to continue earning those rates of return. So, we did a contract-by-contract analysis, we did economic modeling of the pipeline. We analyzed the customers on the pipeline, additional new customers that might be coming to the pipeline. So that we could get comfort that over the next several years, we are going to be able to earn the actual returns that we projected that would be able to get. We have spoken to the rating agencies and they are aware of the transaction, and I think they view it neutrally. Yes. Yes. I'd like to know how much we left on the table but at last I don't think, we are going to find out. Because feeling comfortable that it won't be needed by our subsidiaries is different than being damn sure that it won't be needed by our subsidiaries. And the goal here is to make sure that we always have enough financial resources in order to take care of our own family before we look to go out and adopt another baby. When we do that, we'll let you know by press release. It is not appropriate for us to talk about what we are going to do in terms of our ownership of any of our subsidiaries. That's correct. Different. Thank you, Todd, and I would encourage on our conference calls I have been known to say send your cards and letters. Typically it has been to annuities about our credit ratings. But this time I will say send your cards and letters to Todd and demand that he begin coverage of Loews Corporation and not just CNA. Before I start, the legal beagles want me to make sure that you've taken your Evelyn Wood speed reading course and read our disclaimer here and on the next page. And now that you have done that and the lawyers are satisfied I want to take the next 20 or 30 minutes and talk to you about Loews. Some of you may not be completely familiar with Loews or may not be familiar with what we've been up to lately. So let me just take you through the basics of Loews and let me get to some of the strategic decisions that we've made and how we make them. First of all Loews is a holding company. We have controlling interest in six different subsidiaries. We own 85% of Boardwalk Pipeline; we own 54% of Diamond Offshore Drilling and offshore drilling company. We own 100% of Lorillard, our tobacco company. But there is a tracking stock which represents the economics of Lorillard of which Loews has a 46% interest and the public has a 54% interest. We own 91% of CNA Financial, a company that Todd covers, commercial property, casualty insurance company. We own 100% of Bulova Watch and we also own 100% of our hotel business. The common thread among all of these businesses is that they were acquired at attractive prices. And we try to use them to create value for the Loews shareholders. Let me give you a quick snapshot of our financial position. We have a market cap up about $19 billion. We have approximately $3.9 billion of cash at the holding company following our recent sale of Carolina Group shares and that is offset by about $1.2 billion of debt. In the first quarter of this year our income from operations for Loews common stock was just under $500 million or $0.86 per share and that was up over 60% from the prior year. We have equity value of our publicly traded company so of the four companies, the equity value of those four companies alone is about $19 billion, which if you were paying attention is about equal to the market value of Loews common stock. But we also have non-public assets as well. As I mentioned before we have net cash, cash net of our long-term debt of $2.8 billion. We have notional debt or receivable from Carolina Group of about $1.5 billion; we have just under $1 billion, $966 million, of CNA Series H preferred stock; and we also have our interest in Loews hotels and Bulova Watch. So I think as you can see we have lots of excess liquidity. We have strong cash flow from our subsidiaries and all of this gives us tremendous flexibility to pursue acquisitions, to invest in subsidiaries, to buy back stock or if there is nothing to do, to do nothing. The theme of this conference is strategic decisions. And today I would like to focus for you on three strategic decisions that we've made to help shape the company that we are today. And also to give you a sense for how we manage Loews Corporation. I'm going to talk in a few minutes about Diamond and offshore and how we got involved in that. I'll talk about Boardwalk Pipeline and our investment in evolution of that particular investment. And then I'll also talk to you for a few minutes about Carolina Group and the process of taking it public and what the thought process was from that. And hopefully by talking about these three major strategic decisions that we made, three of many strategic decisions, you will get a sense for how we operate our business. But before we do that, I'd just like to talk about the holding company and the role of the Loews holding company with all of our six subsidiaries. Our primary objective is to generate wealth for all of our shareholders while limiting our downside risk. And we do this in a number of ways. Number one, we allocate shareholder capital trying to earn attractive returns. That means through acquisitions and other strategic investments. It means through ownership and trading of marketable securities and other investment assets. It means share repurchase, share sales from time to time and other what we would call balance sheet management activities. Aside from allocating capital we also provide strategic and financial counsel to our operating subsidiaries. We do not run the day to day businesses of our subsidiaries. Those are run by CEOs who are much better than us at running those businesses. But we do get involved when there are major strategic and capital allocation decisions to be made for those subsidiaries. So we get involved in those major decisions for each of those companies. We also invest the liquid assets of our subsidiaries. So we manage today over $65 billion of assets, about $40 billion of which relate to CNA and the rest relates to the Loews cash, cash at Diamond Offshore, our drilling company, or in our pension fund. So we have a big pool of assets that is managed by a group of about 20 or 30 investment professionals, some of whom are here today at this conference. We are continuously searching for strategic investments. And what we look for it is, number one, opportunistic investments. So we are willing to consider investing in just about any industry sector. We're comfortable with either undervalued cash flow or undervalued assets. When we got into Diamond Offshore that was in undervalued cash flow situation. When we got into Boardwalk Pipeline that was undervalued cash flow, Diamond was undervalued assets. We're generally attracted to out of favor but fundamentally sound industries. We like cyclical industries but we're also happy to be in steady industries as well. We're patient; in fact we are very patient. We are willing to do nothing if there is nothing to do. We are also willing to invest in an industry that is down and that's going to be down for the next three, four, five years. We did tat in the shipping business to great success and we did that in Diamond Offshore also to great success. And so we have by being patient the other thing that goes along with that is we have a long-term orientation. We prefer companies that we can own for a long period of time. We like to think of ourselves as business builders not asset flippers. And the way we approach anything we buy is thinking about the downside and not worrying about the upside. Our balance sheet strength is probably our greatest asset because that enables us to take advantage of opportunities. It allowed us to purchase Texas Gas in '03 when owners of pipeline companies were motivated to sell because of their financial troubles. We find we have no pressure from banks or the tick off interest going against the investment. So when we are able to buy with equity as opposed to on leverage like many people do. And as a result of that we were able, as I said before, to get into the shipping industry and also the offshore drilling industry. So with that basic background let's take a look at what I'll call strategic decision number one, which was our decision to invest in the offshore drilling business. And let me take you back to 1988. We had been in the shipping industry by then in VLCC for about five or seven years. We had bought ships for scrap value, and by that time they had appreciated probably by a factor of 8 or 9 times. And we decided that the offshore drilling industry looked a lot like the shipping industry did seven years ago. So we went to the Gulf of Mexico, got on board some drilling rigs and there I pulled out again the Jim Tisch $5 million test where you stand on the deck of a rig or a ship, you look to the left, you look to the right, you look to the front, you look to the back, you scratch your head and you say to yourself, you mean you get all this for $5 million? And we liked it so much that we bought a small company at the time that had seven rigs called Diamond M. We bought another three stray rigs at the same time and bingo we were in business as Diamond M Drilling Company. Quarter we were in and out of the government market. So, it would all depend upon what day you asked us. On days when ---. You know, I get asked that question an awful lot. We have no plans at all to do that. We still have an investment in Carolina Group that is worth $5 or $5.5 billion. We still a 100% of Lorillard. So, like I said before, we are very happy with the position that we have at this point. It is not a shabby position and in fact when you think about it, our investment in Carolina Group today is because of what has happened to the price of Carolina Group is not too different from the value of our investment when we took Carolina Group public four years ago. I know the shares were purchased towards the end of the period, and that may have something to do with options. That is just a very rough -- as a I had said previously that we expect very comfortable double, low double-digit cash-on-cash returns on our equity. And it is just a way to highlight the fact that our after-tax returns on T-Bills are probably under a percent. Our after-tax returns on 10 year notes is probably 2.5%. On five-year notes, it's probably 2%. So, in a very rough manner of speaking, we are achieving plus or minus a bit, 10 percentage points more than on those investments. I think the company has a capital plan and they are very comfortable with that. No. Todd, you are probably as good as anybody to describe what is going on in the asbestos world. My general sense is like the Beatles might say I've got to admit it's getting better. I think the environment is not, to use a bad pun, is not as toxic with respect to asbestos litigation. Judge Janice Jack in Texas did everybody a world of good by exposing the plaintiff's attorneys and their experts exposing the games that they play in this business. And I think that has been heard in other courts. And as a result I think be plaintiff's attorneys are having a more difficult time. Call me an optimist but I think that we've seen the worst with respect to asbestos and I'm hopeful that as the years go by this will slowly fade away into a manageable issue for the industry. We haven't fully decided how we are going to put the equity capital into Boardwalk. So it's too early to tell. Well, for sure, we look at it as the first, then is the base of free cash flow. With respect to opportunities, as these -- we're always looking for opportunities and the nice thing about doing this transaction is that we will now have our own expertise in house to be able to analyze other possible transactions. We are currently not looking at anything; I don't know of anything that is particularly enticing that's currently for sale, but as we get into this industry and get to see what is available; it's very possible that we may make additional acquisitions. Let us -- we'll find out exactly what the story is with that, and get back to you off-line. Thank you, Josh. And welcome to everybody to our first quarter, 2002 conference call. Our first quarter was a quarter of mixed results, but there was certainly an improved outlook for Loews Corporation. The earnings per share were significantly lower year-over-year, but that was primarily because of lower investment gains at our CNA subsidiary. Book value at the end of the first quarter of '02 was $57.29 a share, up from $50.39 a share at the end of '01. Contrary to what I said at the conference call at the end of the year, this was largely the result -- the increase in the book value was largely the result of the [Tanoani] Group's stock offering, wherein Loews sold a 23 percent interest in the economic performance of Lorillard. Hopefully, this conference call will be 8K free. Loews repurchased during the quarter, 2.1 million shares at an aggregate cost of about $123 million. That's 2.1 million shares of Loews. Or just about $58.50 per share in the first quarter of '02. At this conference call I'd like to welcome Marty Orlowsky, who's the CEO of Lorillard. After Pete Keegan gives his financial presentation, Marty's going to give us a brief overview of Lorillard's first quarter performance. He will also be available to answer any Lorillard-related questions that you may have. The highlight of the quarter was the completion of the Carolina Group offering. In that offering, we sold 40.25 million shares of Carolina Group. The offering raised just over a billion dollars in proceeds for Loews. The Carolina Group structure includes $2.5 billion of notional intergroup debt that's payable to Loews over 20 years. And Loews retains 77 percent interest in the economic performance of Carolina Group after the repayment of the $2.5 billion of notional debt. There is no change in Loews' 100 percent ownership of Lorillard. And as opposed to the sale of Lorillard stock, in this particular case, there was no tax -- this transaction was not taxable to Loews Corporation. In sum, this was a transaction that was good for everyone. It was good for Loews, in that it gave us the ability to diversify somewhat from the tobacco industry and likewise, it was an excellent transaction for the purchasers, who since the issue, have seen their stock go up almost 20 percent in just over three months. Briefly, let me mention Lorillard's performance for the quarter and then Marty will go into much more depth. Newport unit volume was up about 8.4 percent against the year earlier period. That's extraordinary performance. But there are two explanations to mitigate it somewhat. Number one, it partially reflects wholesaler buying in advance of the April 1 price increase. And it also partially reflects restocking after the year-end de-loading by the wholesale trade. But, none-the-less, the performance was excellent. We continued to see market share in the discount segment as our focus remains on profitability, not on market share. You'll hear much more from Marty on this as the call progresses. Concerning CNA, they had a relatively good quarter. Many of you, hopefully, heard the conference call prior to this conference call. And those that didn't can listen to it at the CNA website at www.CNA.com. Very briefly, CNA is continuing to see very significant price increases in the P and C business. Wherein the prices are now -- our prices that we're receiving are now increasing on the order of 25 percent or more. And likewise, the reinsurance business and our life insurance business are performing well. We expect to see continued improved performance by CNA as their streamlining efforts and their underwriting discipline gain traction. At Diamond Offshore, the results were weaker in the first quarter than the year ago period, as the revenues dropped by 5.6 percent reflective of a weaker offshore drilling environment. The Jack-Up market has shown some improvement. Average day rates were somewhat lower on a sequential quarter basis for Diamond Offshore's Jack-Up fleet, but the utilization rate rose in comparison to the fourth quarter of '01 and we're continuing to see improvement from the end of the quarter. The deep-water segment continued to lag during the first quarter. Our average day rates dropped 3 percent on a sequential basis, but more importantly, utilization fell by 10 percentage points against the fourth quarter of '01. That was due to substantially weaker Gulf of Mexico drilling activity. But once again, I'm pleased to say that we are seeing significant signs of a pick up in that market. With respect to the Ocean Baroness, it was delivered during the first quarter, on time and under budget. It began a short-term contract in March of '02, Offshore Malaysia. Unfortunately, in late April, Diamond Offshore announced that the bolt assemblies apparently failed in one of the rig's riser connections, causing its riser to separate and causing drilling operations to cease. The cause of that failure is still being ascertained, but Diamond Offshore currently believes that the successful recovery and repair of the subsea equipment can be conducted in very short order. Finally, with respect to Diamond Offshore, the Ocean Rover arrived in the Singapore shipyard in January of '02, to begin its upgrade to fifth generation deep-water status. That upgrade, as many of you know, is very similar to the upgrade that we just completed on the Baroness. The upgrade for the Rover is expected to be completed in the third quarter of '03 and is expected to have a cost of approximately $200 million. In the hotel business, Loews Hotels results are improving as the travel and leisure market continues to rebound from last year's malaise. The occupancy continues to down-stack. We're now only about 1 percentage point lower than the first quarter of '01 in terms of occupancy, but we're still rebuilding room rates. Right now, they're down about 9 percent from last year. But that is an improvement from where we were in the fourth quarter. The New York and Miami hotels are among the somewhat weaker units. The Philadelphia hotel, which was opened in 2000, has showed strong improvement in revenues and in profits. Finally, the Royal Pacific Resort, at Universal in Orlando, which is our third hotel project in the park, is scheduled to open this summer. And I encourage one and all to go see the three hotels that we have there; the Royal Pacific, the Portofino Bay Hotel and the Hard Rock Hotel. It's really quite an extraordinary project that's been built there. Results at Bulova were also somewhat weaker relative to last year's quarter. 00:9:57 The Bulova and Caravelle brand volumes were down measurably, but the Clark volumes were up stronger in the first quarter of '02. We added the Wittnauer and Harley Davidson brands and they have performed above expectations and are doing very well. Our well-rounded portfolio of brands at Bulova and the increased operating efficiency, should continue to sustain Bulova's market position, especially as the recovery in consumer confidence continues. To sum up, overall, despite lower net operating income, we at Loews are seeing encouraging improvement in all of our businesses. Now, some of that improvement may be difficult for you to see, because we at Loews believe in following generally accepted accounting principles. And with the advent of Carolina Group, some of our financial statements may be a little more difficult for you to understand. So, let me turn this call over to Pete Keegan, who can begin to explain exactly what's going on in our financial statements. That's what you told us about Salomon's. Yes. Test him. Yes,, that's generally the case. I don't know that it would make an enormous difference in our income statement for the hotel company, but it would spread the central costs over a greater number of hotels. Beyond that I don't know. Let me just for those that may not know about Engel, let me give you a minute on Engel. Engel was a class-action suit brought in Miami, Florida in the local kangaroo court. And in that court they found compensatory damages of about $4 million and they found punitive damages against the industry of I think just under $200 billion, 200 billion with a b. That was appealed to the appellate court, the Third District Court of Appeals in Florida that totally reversed the decision and wrote an opinion that was very favorable to the tobacco industry highlighting all the tricks of the plaintiff's attorneys, Stanley Rosenblatt, saying how justice was not done and throwing out the entire decision. That was then appealed up to the Florida Supreme Court, oral arguments were heard in November of '04, yes, November of '04. So it was 1.5 years ago and we are still waiting at our desks, Thursday mornings at 11 AM, to see whether the Florida Supreme Court issues its opinion. Because Thursday at 11 AM is the time that the Florida Supreme Court issues its decisions. We have no idea what is going on with the Supreme Court. There is radio silence from them. My guess is there is a lot of hand wringing and drafts of opinions that are written as they try to get a majority of the justices to sign on to one outcome or another. And I think this has just been a very difficult issue for them. And so we've just got to be patient and wait and see what they say. Nothing to speak of, no. Different. We haven't fully decided how we are going to put the equity capital into Boardwalk. So it's too early to tell. Let me put on Dennis Millet who is the CFO of HighMount, to answer your question. I think we have one time for one more question. [unintelligible ] There are -- sorry, it's primarily in cash with some fixed income; primarily treasury. There is a relatively minor amount of equity that's in the portfolio. [unintelligible]most of the fixed income is short term. Thank you. Yeah, it dwarfs everything else, because it was a billion, 70 million [inaudible]. Yes. No. We are buying only very high quality merchandise. Thank you. You know, I don't know. Right now there is nothing on our radar scope that is beeping at us. I see, while I don't think the stock market is overpriced, I see lots and lots of assets that are overpriced. When you look at real estate trading at 4% cap rates, when you see hotels and commercial property trading at those rates, when you look at what is going on in some of the commodities markets in the art market, you see there are assets that in my mind are decidedly overpriced. I would say that stocks in general are not overpriced but businesses often times are overpriced simply because so much money has been raised by private equity funds and hedge funds that is going into the businesses of buying out companies. So whereas a few years ago you might have seen businesses trade for 6 times EBITDA, today that multiple could easily be 10 times EBITDAR. So stocks don't appear particularly expensive, companies do. But the thing I will say about Loews is that we've got patience. As I like to say we've got asbestos lined pockets. We don't let our cash burn a hole in them. And the thing you can count on us to do is to hold our cash until we find something that is going to create value for those shareholders. From what I've heard, there is -- the people at Boardwalk are not concerned that, that old pipe will have to be replaced. In the past four or five years, pipe that's been used generally by the industry for these types of projects has been very strong, high tensile pipe that is called X 70. The, the legacy system of Boardwalk does not use that X 70 pipe. CNA has a strong, strong business. And I'm just confident that having it trade publicly is in the long-term good of Loews shareholders and CNA shareholders. And I don't want to do anything based on some crazy pricing that is taking place over the short-term. Well, but -- yes, that's right. But Diamond also declared another $2 dividend when they reported their first quarter earnings, and that's been received in the second quarter -- will be received. That's generally correct. We are very very comfortable with the multiple that we paid and we think that it's very attractive value now. Look at this and compare it to, as I mentioned treasury bills, treasury notes even if you look at 30-year municipal bonds those are treating at under 5%. So we are very pleased with the evaluation. I can't take the credit for that, but I will so convey your message to the portfolio manager that did it. We have (technical difficulty) in M&A staff. We have people that have worked on it from time to time and those people are still here and they have got lots to do. You know, it is not difficult to buy reinsurance at all. The problem is it's expensive. And the expense generally is seen in, and Todd, you can address this probably better than I -- the high expense we are seeing in the catastrophe reinsurance. We have -- but CNA has put in place its catastrophe reinsurance book and we're generally pleased with it. But to talk to you about catastrophe reinsurance for a moment, Diamond Offshore made a decision I guess in April, it was reported in our latest 10-Q, we had been paying for all-in machinery coverage about $25 million for insurance for our entire fleet and with pretty broad limits on that. The price went up to about $65 million. That is what the underwriters were asking with dramatically reduced coverage for hurricanes and named windstorms. So there we saw a very significant increase in prices. And what we decided to do was to go naked with respect to the hurricane coverage, to say to the underwriters, the cost is too high and we're not going to participate. We've hunkered down. Everything that we buy, we buy with the expectation that worse comes to worse, we will hold it to maturity. We have -- at CNA, we have two different classes of assets. We have assets in our asset liability account, which is a matched portfolio, which reflects scheduled payments that we have. And that has a duration of, I think, 12 or 13 years. That has a significant mark-to-market loss in it, but there is also a corresponding unrealized mark-to-mark gain in the liability related to those assets. So I don't worry at all about that mark-to-market loss. In our asset account, we have a duration of about five years. That represents about 70% of the portfolio. That's got a five-year duration. So with the duration being so short, it's providing us with significant amounts of cash flow on a monthly basis to reinvest in the marketplace. And so we find that we are able to buy municipal, ten-year municipal notes we were able to buy at over 5%. We were able to buy A-rated corporate bonds at 100% of -- twice the yield of government bonds. These are absolutely bonanza type returns that we are able to earn in the investment portfolio. And we are buying good quality merchandise that worse comes to worse, we'll be happy to own until they mature. But there are, just as we have this mark-to-market loss, what it means is that there are great investment opportunities in the marketplace and we are taking advantage of it. Absolutely. But the problem is very simply that if we announce that Boardwalk was going to raise $500 million in the fourth quarter of this year, the stock will probably trade down to 15, 16 or 17. It's a crazy valuation. Even at $20 a share, I think it's a crazy valuation. It yields close -- between 9% and 10% at these levels, and that's basically all tax free because shareholders get the cash distribution, which is the yield, plus they also get a tax deduction, which is almost equal to the amount of the cash distribution. So it's a phenomenal investment and we are only here at these values, I believe, because there is enormous liquidation taking place in the MLP marketplace combined with the fact that as you -- if any MLP tries to access the markets for liquidity, the market exacts an enormous, enormous price and what Loews is saying is that we are willing to step in front of the market and buy these securities because we think they are very, very attractive. We've said that we would put in -- we said back six months ago or so that we would put in up to $1 billion into Boardwalk, and we've reported that we've so far put in $500 million. So that leaves $500 million. So that's cash going out. Diamond is cash coming in. No, we really don't know it, and we're just putting that together right now. I think Pete said that there is $12 million a month of lost revenue. What did you say, Pete? $12 million a month -- for the quarter. We expect as many investments to comfortably provide returns, cash-on-cash returns that are comfortably in the low double-digit range. Thank you Josh. And welcome to everybody. The second quarter of '02 was an improved quarter for Loews Corporation. Our operating income, excluding unusual and extraordinary items increased significantly year over year, primarily because of improved performance of our CNA subsidiary. The book value per share at the end of the second quarter of '02, which is a measure that we use to grade ourselves rose to $59.18 from 57.29 per share at the end of the first quarter, and from $50.39 at year-end '01. In the past quarter Loews purchased 3.3 million shares, at an aggregate cost of about $187 million, or just about $56.70 in the second quarter. As you know, we take an opportunistic approach to share repurchases, but at times we are precluded from buying in our own shares, and unfortunately that time included the past 30 days when Loews was unable to be in the marketplace to buy either shares of Loews or Carolina Group stock because we knew, we had a general idea of what the earnings were going to be for the quarter. Let me go through, briefly through each of our businesses and then I will turn this over to Pete, who can give you the financial review. Lorillard performed well in this quarter, primarily as the result of its Newport brand. The Newport unit volume increased about 1.9 percent against the year earlier period, in spite of higher prices and also higher excise taxes in many states. We continued to cede market share in our discount segment as our focus remains on profitability, not on - not on market share, but we will have more from Marty Orlowsky on Lorillard in just a few minutes. I'm not going to take anything off the table. I will just tell you that we manage this company conservatively. We like having the cash. We still have very significant cash flow coming into Loews. All the cash that is going out is not going out tomorrow. So our cash balances will reach a minimum of somewhere between $2 billion and $2.5 billion. But we'll grow throughout the year, and so we are constantly looking for the best way to build shareholder value for all shareholders, combined with my desire to sleep well at night. Let me put it to you this way. It's a more viable option now than it was back then. No, it hasn't. Not yet. At Lorillard, they watched manufacturing costs like a hawk. I find it very hard to believe that -- M&A as in the acquisition of Texas Gas? In terms of the investment income, we invest Carolina Group's cash in either money market instruments or very high quality fixed income instruments with a duration of up to 10 years. And going into the quarter, we had extended the portfolio somewhat towards the end of that 10-year sector, and by the end of the quarter, we had sold everything within the portfolio and thereby recognized the gains. Subsequent to that, 10-year notes have backed up about 50 or 60 or 70 basis points and we've been back and forth. But right now, the portfolio is pretty much benign. It's got some tips, bonds in it, those are inflation indexed bonds, and we also have a few Ginney Mays, but not a significant exposure to the market No, what I said is we don't anticipate that that $2 billion will be required by our subsidiaries. You are right Mike. This purchase will not be like Lorillard. When we purchased Lorillard, we didn't realized it is the time but, 10 or 15 years after we purchased it, we scratched our head and we saw that the earnings of Lorillard were equal to -- the annual earnings were equal to purchase price. That is not going to happen here. However, where we are earning on our cash now after-tax is 1% to 2%, and we are able -- with this transaction, we believe we will be able to earn in double-digit range. So, the accretion to Loews is very significant. We at Loews like to pride ourselves on the fact that, we will look at just about any type of transaction and try to see if it works for us. Some of those transactions are where we buy highly cyclical those assets that are very depressed. This transaction is one where we are buying a very consistent business and it is depressed. We think it is depressed because there has been significant amount of liquidation of these assets by companies that got in trouble in other areas and had to liquidate these assets in order to bail out the rest of their companies. So, we think that this is a very importunate time now to buy a business that has very good visibility of cash flow and is a very consistent earner. I don't want to go through any specific numbers. I would say that we really haven't assumed any G&A savings simply because Texas Gas is a standalone company. -- of lost revenue due to the lower pressures that we're operating at. Now, when the repairs are actually put in place, there will be times when the pipeline has to be shut down. So those are additional lost revenues that we will have to deal with. We've made the point that we would put in up to $1 billion into Boardwalk and $500 million of that has been already spent or announced. And our anticipation is that beyond that, our subsidiaries won't need any financial resources directly from Loews. I'm not going to take anything off the table. I will just tell you that we manage this company conservatively. We like having the cash. We still have very significant cash flow coming into Loews, all the cash that is going out is not going out tomorrow. So our cash balances will reach a minimum of somewhere between $2 billion and $2.5 billion, but we'll grow throughout the years. And so we are constantly looking for the best way to build shareholder value for all shareholders combined with my desire to sleep well at night. Oh, within Carolina Group. Okay, I'm sorry. We have a substantial portion of the cash invested in simply cash-out, and then we also have a relatively small percent that is invested and has been invested for the past several years in what I would call &quot;markets-neutral hedge funds&quot; of one sort or another. And it's a diversified portfolio of funds and that is where the lion's share of the investment income came from. Well, I would say it looks like the spot natural gas market is starting to anticipate a change in the supply and demand, but so far, we haven't seen it in any of the statistics. When we look at -- what's happened is gas prices peaked in July at about $14.50 in Mcf. They are now about $3.60 and drilling rigs, gas drilling rigs peaked in September at just over 1,600 units and we're now down to about 720 units. So - and the third important data point is that it depletion is about -- in the United States, is about 30% a year. So that means that if we were -- we are currently producing about 56 billion cubic feet per day of dry gas. If we don't drill any wells for the next year, you would expect US production to be down to about 38 billion cubic feet. So you can see that depletion is very important and drilling activity is very important. With that as background, right now, notwithstanding the decline in drilling rigs in use, we have not seen a decline yet in production. And my guess is that will come pretty soon and could be on the order of somewhere between a 0.5 billion cubic feet a day and 1 billion cubic feet a day decline per month. The other thing that's happening is that there are declines in consumption, primarily industrial consumption for natural gas and so we're in a situation where because of the declines in consumption and the steady production and also ending the heating season with relatively high inventories, that right now we have very high inventories of natural gas. That should all play itself out over the next one to two quarters and I would imagine that within six months, we should see a change in the supply/demand dynamics. But before you go out and buy natural gas futures, let me just caution that the market is already anticipating that because the price of gas a year from now is about 60% higher than the spot price of gas today. Repeat that again. I view it as being a positive transaction because it provides for Loews a source, a significant source of cash flow to the holding company that I think would be very attractive for Loews and serve to, all things being equal, improve our credit worthiness. What happened to the last question? No, I said that the $2b assumes no buyback. Yes. We have -- we have primarily CNA, but also Loews is in constant communication with the rating agencies. I am very frustrated by the negative watch that CNA is on. I think in the past year CNA has done basically what it had promised to the rating agencies that it would do. It's been able to show consistent earnings, and for the life of me, I would love for the rating agencies to not only lift the negative outlook, but also raise CNA's ratings. If you look at the capital guidelines that the rating agencies have, you would see that CNA falls in the category of an A+ company as opposed to an A- company. And I think that it's pretty evident that there has been a dramatic change at CNA. That there is new management in place that is dramatically changed the business of CNA, and I would like, I would love for the rating agencies to show that they understand that by at least taking off the negative outlook and then raising the rating one or two steps. With respect to Loews, as I said in the last meeting, last conference call, and I say again today, I don't understand the Moody's ratings on Loews at BOO1. We have $2.4 billion of debt. We now have $2.7 billion of cash. We have nothing really to do with that cash other than to pay down debt. And nonetheless even with that, even with the diversification of our businesses, even with the cash -- free cash flow that we have coming up to Loews, they still insist on rating us in the BAA category. I would urge you to send your cards and letters to Moody's, and tell them that they take away from their own credibility by keeping us at such a ridiculously low rating. Thank you. A $0.60 decline. Good morning. I am not going to answer that. I am not going to talk about the disposition of any of our subsidiary shares. And likewise, I am also not going to talk about what factors we might take into account in order to come to that conclusion. We'll reach a decision within the next decade. Beyond that I can't -- Now if there were buybacks, I imagine the cash position would be a bit less but I can't fault you for asking the question Bob, but as you know, we don't like commenting on our buyback program. So, I'm just going to leave it at that. You don't have to tiptoe out the risk curve in order to get good returns here. We're almost two quarters away, anyway, so it's pretty much moot. But Bob, as you know, we don't like to comment on our share re-purchase plans, because we don't like people shooting against us. I think the problem is visibility on the economic front. Right now it is very, very difficult to see what's going to happen in our economy and to go back to the Wizard of Oz metaphor, our crystal ball is totally clouded still. And we want to make sure that we have the cash and the financial resources so that we do not have to rely on the financial markets for anything, and that if we are able to access the financial markets, that's a bonus. Economically, it seems like the economy is improving. My guess is that the money from the stimulus package that was passed in the first quarter is starting to have an effect, but I have no idea whether that is ultimately going to be successful or not. I have no idea whether we're going to have positive or negative growth in the second half of this year or in 2010. And so our view has been and continues to be that we want to be very, very cautious with the use of our cash to make sure that Loews is in triple-A shape and so are our subsidiaries. You know, we have a reputation of being asset flippers but the reality is that we really don't sell too much. We are very happy with the assets that we have. We are happy being investors and those companies along with all the minority shareholders. We access, as you all know, we access the markets to create and highlight values for our Loews shareholders. And as a result we are very respectful of our minority shareholders and bend over backwards to treat them with the ultimate fairness. And I would say that right now we are pleased with the portfolio of the assets that we have and where we are positioned. We tend to keep the existing management. We did that with Boardwalk Pipeline. We did that with Diamond Offshore. We've been very fortunate that the management that we have inherited has been very good, competent managements that know their business and we've been very comfortable and very successful with them as we move forward. No, you don't understand. We have a definitive purchase agreement to buy Texas Gas from Williams. Even if they get a higher bid they still have to sell to us. Well, I would say it looks like the spot natural gas market is starting to anticipate a change in the supply and demand, but so far, we haven't seen it in any of the statistics. When we look at -- what's happened is gas prices peaked in July at about $14.50 in Mcf. They are now about $3.60 and drilling rigs, gas drilling rigs peaked in September at just over 1,600 units and we're now down to about 720 units. So - and the third important data point is that it depletion is about -- in the United States, is about 30% a year. So that means that if we were -- we are currently producing about 56 billion cubic feet per day of dry gas. If we don't drill any wells for the next year, you would expect US production to be down to about 38 billion cubic feet. So you can see that depletion is very important and drilling activity is very important. With that as background, right now, notwithstanding the decline in drilling rigs in use, we have not seen a decline yet in production. And my guess is that will come pretty soon and could be on the order of somewhere between a 0.5 billion cubic feet a day and 1 billion cubic feet a day decline per month. The other thing that's happening is that there are declines in consumption, primarily industrial consumption for natural gas and so we're in a situation where because of the declines in consumption and the steady production and also ending the heating season with relatively high inventories, that right now we have very high inventories of natural gas. That should all play itself out over the next one to two quarters and I would imagine that within six months, we should see a change in the supply/demand dynamics. But before you go out and buy natural gas futures, let me just caution that the market is already anticipating that because the price of gas a year from now is about 60% higher than the spot price of gas today. Maybe 4 percent, which reflects about 2 percent in the money markets and 5.25 percent in the out to ten year market. No what I said was that we expect where is the exact quote here? No, and like we said, we anticipate that the cost to do these repairs will still be less than the $4.8 billion total capital cost for the project. A $0.60 decline. Okay. Thank you. I'll tell you what I said to David, which is that we like to sleep at night, and what that means is at the Loews parent company, we are very conservative in our investments. Thank you. Because feeling comfortable that it won't be needed by our subsidiaries is different than being damn sure that it won't be needed by our subsidiaries. And the goal here is to make sure that we always have enough financial resources in order to take care of our own family before we look to go out and adopt another baby. We, we are -- what happened at Boardwalk is that as we were preparing to put the pipes in service, we had -- from a hydro test that is typically done, we had one leak indicating some sort of defective pipe. That pipe was replaced. And as a result of that Semsa asked us to run what's called a deformation pig, which is a tool that you put through the pipe in order to measure whether there's been any deformities in the pipe. It is a very sensitive tool that measures deformities of less than a quarter of an inch. And this is the first time that this tool has been used, I think industry-wide for this type of pipe. And had this tool not been used, then the Boardwalk pipe after that one joint was replaced would have been put in service and everything would have been hunky dory. But alas, we found these anomalies in the pipes. The question is, is this an industry problem or not? And the answer is, we don't know. Right now, as I said, we believe that we are the only -- we have the only pipelines that have actually used this tool, but it is possible that other pipes will -- other pipeline companies will have to use the tool and it will be interesting to see what they turn up from their own use of the tool. No, in fact, I think you're right. In our supplemental financial statement on the press release, the Carolina Group gains are shown within Lorillard. You know, it is difficult to say. A ballpark number and I'm going to give you wide, wide ranges because I've never given ranges before. I'd say Bulova is worth anywhere from say 115 to $300 million. And the hotel business is again it depends on where the hotel is and what cap rate you use for the hotel. The Regency hotel, for example, would probably, my guess trade at maybe a 2 -- somewhere between a 2% and 5% cap rate. So it is difficult to say with any precision what the value is. But you could look at the pretax earnings of our hotel company. You could add back depreciation and then you could put whatever multiple you wanted on it and come to your own conclusion. The information is there in our K for people to come up with a reasonable valuation. I would say it's a consideration, but if we wanted to we could re-purchase those shares. I'm just going to leave that comment as it is. I don't want to get into any more details about how we are investing the parent company cash. No, that's wrong. It's 10% for five years and then it resets its 700 basis points over treasury ten-year notes, and it resets either the higher of either that reset amount or 10%. Number one, we had new management. We saw a plan that was laid out to dramatically simplify the company that we foresaw what in essence what CNA is today. We took CNA from a multi-line company that was in not only commercial property casualty insurance but also in life insurance, group insurance and reinsurance. And we dramatically simplified the company. We sharpened its focus so that it could focus on the business that it does best where it has the most value added. And so we scaled CNA down to its commercial property and casualty core. And we saw that by doing that that we could create significant value for all of CNA's shareholders. And it was -- it took a few years, it was a grueling process but I think at the end, I like to call myself an optimistic realist. And at the end of the day I think CNA turned out basically to the type of company we foresaw where the level of risk in the company has been reduced dramatically, the book has been dramatically reunderwritten so that the more volatile long tail lines of business have been reduced. We've increased our specialty book of business; we've increased our property book of business; we've reduced our workers' comp book of business; and we have a company which I think is dramatically better suited to dealing with the cycles that for sure we are going to experience in the property and casualty business. Thank you No, it's $865 million. That's right, but there could be some periods when we think that government notes are attractive. And since the yield curve is so steep, through a very conservative trade, we could go from an average of 2 or 2.5 percent interest rates up to 5 percent interest rates. So, I understand it's difficult for you to model, but you should understand that it's also difficult and impossible for us to model as well. Yeah. I think you're reading of the prospectus is a bit inaccurate. The prospectus talks about how we were going to build up over the first several years a cash balance of about $150 million. And the prospectus also said that funds that had been built up could be used for a number of items including a payment of dividends, repayment of debt, and also the repurchase of shares. Dennis, what was the DD&A rate as of, say, the third quarter of last year versus the DD&A rate today? I think that's dropped by about $0.40 or $.50. Absolutely. But the problem is very simply that if we announce that Boardwalk was going to raise $500 million in the fourth quarter of this year, the stock will probably trade down to $15, $16 or $17. It's a crazy valuation. Even at $20 a share, I think it's a crazy valuation. It yields close -- between 9% and 10% at these levels. And that's basically all tax free because shareholders get the cash distribution, which is the yield, plus they also get a tax deduction, which is almost equal to the amount of the cash distribution. So it's a phenomenal investment and we are only here at these values, I believe, because there is enormous liquidation taking place in the MLP marketplace, combined with the fact that as you -- if any MLP tries to access the markets for liquidity, the market exacts an enormous, enormous price. And what Loews is saying is that we are willing to step in front of the market and buy these securities because we think they are very, very attractive. No, we haven't. This is a new area for us, but number one, we -- in the year that we've been looking at this business, we have been working very closely with people that are very familiar with pipelines and number two, we have a lot of confidence in the people that are going to be running this business for us going forward. I am not going to answer that. I am not going to talk about the disposition of any of our subsidiary shares and likewise, I am also not going to talk about what factors we might take into account in order to come to that conclusion. Yes,, that's generally the case. I don't know that it would make an enormous difference in our income statement for the hotel company, but it would spread the central costs over a greater number of hotels. We're uncomfortable making forecasts about our cash levels going forward. Right. Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us to discuss the Loews acquisition of Texas Gas Transmission Corporation. My name is Emma, and I am your conference call operator. James Tisch, CEO will have some prepared remarks and then we will open the conference to questions. To ask a question, please press one followed by four on your touchtone phone. I will now turn the meeting over to Mr. Joshua Kahn, Director of Investor Relations for Loews Corporation, please go ahead sir. What's happened is -- in past years we would make forays into the U.S. government bonded note market, and we would also would have capital gain that you would see, which was we would buy at one yield and sell a month or two or three months later at a lower yield giving us (1) higher investment income and also capital gains. This year we basically haven't been comfortable with the longer term interest rate markets, and so we stayed away from them. And therefore we've kept most of the cash in relatively low-yielding, but very safe short-term instruments. Our pleasure. So first of all, we haven't curtailed all drilling. We are still doing some modest drilling in Michigan and also in Alabama. But we've ceased drilling in our largest area, which is Sonora. Now, we have not, we have not shut in production and it's not from not wanting to. Rather, we've determined that the damage to the wells by shutting in production is just too great and so it's not economic to shut those wells in. I'm just going to leave that comment as it is. I don't want to get into any more details about how we are investing the parent company cash. Yes, I -- listen, I'm not going to contemplate CNA trading at $5 a share. There are a few reasons. Number one, because Loews would like to get this money back at some point in time. So when CNA's capital is strengthened, we are hopeful that the board of CNA will repay this preferred stock so that they can pay dividends on the common stock. Additionally, we like to -- we bend over backwards at Loews to treat the -- all our minority shareholders at all our subsidiaries fairly on the theory that in treating them as fairly as possible, to go the extra step for them, that the marketplace will recognize that and provide superior valuation for those shares. And if the marketplace does that, that will then come back to benefit Loews, because for many of you, Loews is viewed as the sum of the part. Currently, Loews owns 90% of CNA, so the idea of picking up a few extra percentage points, which may have been viewed as doing so at the detriment to the minority shareholders, just wasn't of interest to us. We are going to let CNA invest primarily in the financial markets. They have a bigger portfolio than us. They have like a $38 billion or $39 billion portfolio, and those investments historically have been done in CNA, and we are going to keep them there. What you should think about is, there's about a billion dollars of cash assets that are being managed that are non-- what I would call non-MSA assets. You know, I strongly disagree with the characterization of that. It implies that the gains were taken in order to make a number, and that is absolutely, positively not the case. The reality is that through good market timing, we were able to sell out the portfolio basically at the high point of treasury prices, and these gains are not timed in order to make the earnings look better or worse Well, I have a terrible short-term memory. Why don't we sell things? There is a problem in selling things. First of all we like the businesses we are in. But secondly, there is a problem when you buy assets cheap. And that is when you want to sell them, you find that there is an enormous tax to be paid to the federal government. So individuals pay a 15% long-term capital gains tax. Corporations on the other hand, have to pay a 35% long-term corporate capital gains tax. So when you are in a position like us and you find that your assets have appreciated dramatically, you'll also find that the tax wedge that one-third of proceeds tax wedge is just suggest enormous and makes it very difficult to sell certain assets. In terms of share repurchases, we have what I will call a long and glorious history of share repurchases, doing it long before it was the fashion of the day. And also doing it because we wanted to create value for all Loews shareholders not because we wanted to offset share issuance to management. So I think over the past 20 or 25 years we've retired 40% or 50% of our shares. Unfortunately from about '01 or '02 to just recently, till this year, we have to suspend our share repurchases because of the financial issues at CNA. But as you may have seen in the first quarter, we were back again repurchasing shares. We don't comment beyond what I've said on our share repurchase program. As I said we do that to try to create value for our Loews shareholders. And we find that the best way to accomplish that goal is not to set out specific parameters for our share repurchases. Went into the corporate treasury, and it's not burning a hole in our pocket. We've made the point that we would put in up to $1 billion into Boardwalk and $500 million of that has been already spent or announced. And our anticipation is that beyond that, our subsidiaries won't need any financial resources directly from Loews. And those you should think of as being invested in short-term instruments, and to some extent, we may extend that and get higher returns, but it can vary from one week or month to the next. So it's really difficult to forecast. Especially in view of how steep the yield current is. Money market instruments are yielding about one and a quarter percent, and 10-year notes are close to four percent. So that's almost three times -- it is three times higher for 10-year instruments. So when and if we feel comfortable in 10-year instruments, we could generate those higher returns. Sure. First of all, we -- Loews already owns about 91 or 92% of CNA, and also owns over 800 million dollars of preferred stock in CNA. So share re-purchase -- re-purchase of CNA shares is not so high on our list. No, it's $865 million. Like I said, we don't -- we have not yet have a negotiation with Boardwalk to determine the exact nature of the investment. And again, if the public markets are there, then I'm sure the company would be very happy to sell additional units to the public. I think the company has a capital plan and they are very comfortable with that. First of all on the share re-purchase. I don't know that there was a share re-purchase -- I don't think there were any shares re-purchased this quarter. That's number one. On notional debt pay down, we can't yet say what is going to be paid down. That is determined based on the dividend that Lorillard pays up to Loews, and it's -- then we deduct the dividends that get paid on the Carolina Group shares, but that is all left up to the determination of the board of directors Loews Corporation. So it was $40 million that was paid down in the last quarter, but I can't say what is is going to be paid down in this quarter. With respect to our views of CNA based on its book value, I would say that is just one factor that we use in evaluating CNA, and the book value, to some extent, as we see this quarter, reflects the level of interest rates and the unrealized gain or loss in CNA's portfolio. What we are most interested when we think about CNA, along with book value per share, is also the earnings power of CNA, and that is not a number per se, but just a sense that we have of CNA, its book of business, and what the prospects are for that business. Absolutely not, David. You said it, these are unprecedented times, and in these unprecedented times where you will have bond spreads blow out to unimaginable levels, where you have enormous numbers -- amounts of dislocations in all financial markets, what I see is, very simply, that CNA needs to get through this period and that on the other side of it, there is a very sound and solid business there. Remember, CNA stock probably a little over a year ago traded at over $50 a share. Today it's under $15, and I believe that when this financial crisis is over, that CNA stock will again be a very, very -- trading at a very attractive valuation. There is -- when we strengthened the capital five or six years ago, that was a period where CNA's insurance operations were problematic. That has been totally fixed. The insurance company had a combined ratio before catastrophe loss of 92 -- under 92%. So what it says to me is that the insurance operation is not broken, and the key to surviving these financial markets is just to have the ability and the wherewithal to outlast it. And we've said before and I say again that CNA is a strong company. Loews is there to support it if need be, and that is our -- the primary thing that we want to do at this point in time. Thank you. Okay. Duly noted. No, it was a theoretical projection which was based simply on very rough estimate of cash that we have expect to have coming in and cash that we have -- that we expect to have going out for what I would call your standard non-discretional items. Okay. Yes. I am sorry, there is a lot of purchase price accounting that's going to be going on here so that while you can use the numbers from last year as being somewhat indicative, there are going to be a lot's of changes in the numbers as we move forward. You don't have to tiptoe out the risk curve in order to get good returns here. Exactly right. I can only tell you if, in fact, we had used that money to pay down debt, you would have asked us why we're we're dawdling in building up the cash. We think it's good to have $150 million balance, and we're happy to be there now. I fully understand. We'll get back to you on it. I'm not going to take anything off the table. I will just tell you that we manage this company conservatively. We like having the cash. We still have very significant cash flow coming into Loews, all the cash that is going out is not going out tomorrow. So our cash balances will reach a minimum of somewhere between $2 billion and $2.5 billion, but we'll grow throughout the years. And so we are constantly looking for the best way to build shareholder value for all shareholders combined with my desire to sleep well at night. Let me take the second one first. With respect to asbestos, I feel like Charlie Brown trying to kick the football. So I'm not expecting any legislation and if I get it, I'll be happily surprised, assuming that it deals with the issue and just doesn't extend it or make it worse, which sometimes can happen in Washington. With respect to the partnerships, we have at CNA, very little in the way of equity. And these partnerships have been a way for CNA, over the past several years, to achieve rates of return in excess of what we felt we could achieve in fixed income markets. Having said that, even before these third quarter results came in, we came to the conclusion that in many of the strategies in which we are invested, two things have happened Okay. Thank you, Darren, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call today. The Wizard of Oz famously said, &quot;Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.&quot; And I feel like saying that today with respect to our first quarter earnings. Our subsidiaries are in good shape relative to the current business environment and are doing much better than what's reflected by the earnings reported today. As you have seen, our first quarter results included realized investment losses in CNA's investment portfolio and a significant non-cash impairment charge of HighMount E&P While these results are disappointing, we remain confident that each of our subsidiaries can and will deliver solid performance over the long-term. In its core -- property and casualty operations, CNA produced another quarter of steady results driven by improving rate trends, better renewal retention and a sub-100% combined ratio. As a sign of CNA's strength and conservatism, its property and casualty operations have now had nine consecutive quarters of favorable reserve development. CNA's investment portfolio continued to be affected by the stress in the financial and credit markets, which led to realized investment losses for the quarter. The company's end realized loss position improved from year end '08 and even after taking into account the quarter's realized losses, GAAP shareholders equity and book value per common share increased. Statutory capital also remains strong and CNA holds substantial cash and short-term assets. The improvement in CNA's book value can be attributed to three main factors. First, of course, is CNA's operating income. Second, the impairments taken in the first quarter were largely attributable to securities that had already been carried at market value on the GAAP and in many instances, statutory balance sheets. And third, the market values of corporate and tax exempt fixed income securities generally increased during the quarter. The recovery in the fixed income markets continued in the month of April as the market value of CNA's core securities, that is excluding limited partnership investments, increased by approximately $550 million through last Thursday. Earlier today on CNA's earnings conference call, Tom Motamed laid out the company's strategic initiatives that have been developed during his first four months on the job. CNA is now moving forward with these strategies to drive top line and bottom line growth and to optimize its property and casualty portfolio. We are very confident in Tom's ability to guide CNA and to achieve these goals. The non-cash impairment charge taken by HighMount E&P relates to the ceiling test that is performed each quarter by all E&P companies using full cost accounting. The ceiling test calculates the value of HighMount's 20 years of reserves at a single point in time using the spot price of natural gas. Given a low price of natural gas at the end of the quarter, HighMount was required to book this impairment charge. Our view, however, continues to be that natural gas is a good investment over the long-term. We chose to buy long lived reserves precisely because we cannot accurately predict the short-term movement of natural gas prices. At today's energy prices, with spot natural gas at about $3.60 per Mcf, it doesn't make sense to drill or turn on new wells and therefore, HighMount has substantially reduced its drilling program. While being mindful of its cash flow for the time being, HighMount will again wrap up its drilling program when natural gas prices recover and drilling once again becomes economic. Revenues this year at HighMount are partially protected due to hedges that were put in place during the past 18 months. Pete Keegan will say more on that in just a few moments. Boardwalk Pipeline reached a significant milestone during the quarter by placing into service all of its remaining expansion projects. During the commissioning process, Boardwalk discovered some anomalies in a small percentage of pipe joints and therefore reduced operating pressures and throughput on all of its expansion pipelines. This in turn resulted in decreased first quarter revenues for Boardwalk. It is anticipated that Boardwalk will have additional revenue losses on these pipelines as major sections will need to be temporarily shut down in order to allow for removal and replacement of the affected pipe. Until these pipe anomalies are remediated and the company receives the approval from its regulatory agency steps up to increase operating pressures, Boardwalk expects reduced revenues from its expansion projects. Boardwalk is still developing its remediation plan, so the final cost to repair the pipe anomalies is not certain. Currently, however, Boardwalk estimates that the remaining dollars within the $4.8 billion project cost estimate established over a year ago will be adequate to cover the costs associated with fixing pipe anomalies. Boardwalk does not anticipate a need to increase the overall expansion project budget. Despite these challenging start-up issues, Boardwalk's expansion projects, along with the performance of its legacy assets, are generating solid cash flow and have allowed the company to announce a cash distribution of $0.485 per limited partner unit, its thirteenth consecutive increase. For the first quarter, Diamond Offshore reported strong earnings, which were, in fact, its second highest on record. Average day rates were up year-over-year across all rig categories. However, the utilization rate for its floater fleet declined, primarily because of downtime associated with scheduled shipyard projects and mandatory surveys. Utilization rates were also down for Diamond's jackup fleet, owing mainly to weakening demand in the US Gulf of Mexico. Diamond's board of directors recently declared a special quarterly dividend of $1.875 per share in addition to the regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share. Together, these dividends represent a quarterly cash payment to Loews of approximately $140 million. So as you can see, the decline in natural gas prices and the stress in the financial and credit markets combined to impact negatively our first quarter earnings. Nonetheless, we continue to like the prospects for each of our subsidiaries. And with that, I'll turn our call over to Peter Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete? The reason we don't have that is because cash flow from an insurance company is a pretty meaningless statistic. Not yet. Martin, before Marty answers, I just want to welcome you back to the investment analyst world and wish you good luck at Merrill Lynch. If we take care of this off-line -- When we do that, we'll let you know by press release. It is not appropriate for us to talk about what we are going to do in terms of our ownership of any of our subsidiaries. Like I said, we don't -- we have not yet have a negotiation with Boardwalk to determine the exact nature of the investment. And again, if the public markets are there, then I'm sure the company would be very happy to sell additional units to the public. Absolutely not, David. You said it, these are unprecedented times, and in these unprecedented times where you will have bond spreads blow out to unimaginable levels, where you have enormous numbers -- amounts of dislocations in all financial markets, what I see is, very simply, that CNA needs to get through this period, and that on the other side of it there is a very sound and solid business there. Remember, CNA's stock probably a little over a year ago traded at over $50 a share. Today it's under $15, and I believe that when this financial crisis is over, that CNA stock will again be a very, very -- trading at a very attractive valuation. There is -- when we strengthened the capital five or six years ago, that was a period where CNA's insurance operations were problematic. That has been totally fixed. The insurance company had a combined ratio before catastrophe loss of 92% -- under 92%. So what it says to me is that the insurance operation is not broken, and the key to surviving these financial markets is just to have the ability and the wherewithal to outlast it. And we've said before, and I say again, that CNA is a strong company. Loews is there to support it if need be, and that is our -- the primary thing that we want to do at this point in time. Again, we don't know whether CNA is going to need capital or not. What I would say simply is that if they do, Loews will assess the need at that time and make the investment decision at that time. It's over 90%. In terms of the capacity that is sold to customers. Yes, because I'm not willing to put out the all clear signal after one quarter of performance, especially when the stimulus money and the trillions of dollars that the fed is putting into the economy may be affecting or distorting the numbers. Morning. I'll let Pete handle it here here. I am not going to answer that. I am not going to talk about the disposition of any of our subsidiary shares and likewise, I am also not going to talk about what factors we might take into account in order to come to that conclusion. Dennis, what was the DD&A rate as of, say, the third quarter of last year versus the DD&A rate today? I think that's dropped by about $0.40 or $.50. Repeat that again. Talk about what? Let me just say that I'm very positive about CNA's prospects, about the way that they have re-underwritten their book of business. And about the profitability of the business, and I'm also feel very good about the level of reserves that CNA has. So overall I'm very positive about CNA's position. Okay. Buying out the minority stubs would not have -- first of all, would not have added capital to CNA, which was the primary goal. Second, we think that CNA, being public, is very, very important. I think it's good for CNA, I think it's good for Loews. If CNA weren't public, all the analysts would probably be complaining to us that there's no transparency to Loews and they don't know what's doing at our subsidiary with the largest balance sheet. So we like the fact that CNA is public, that it's transparent, that everybody can see what is going on and that you have to take the good with the bad. Our shareholders of Loews are able to compute on a minute by minute basis, the sum of the parts valuation of Loews. Now my view is, the reason I said you have to take the good with the bad is that usually, that is a good thing. On a day like today when CNA stock, to me, is trading at crazy ridiculous levels, it just means that the sum of the parts is also at crazy levels. But we'll deal with that nonetheless. We have teams of people from Loews and Texas Gas that are working on that and that's basically all being pretty much untangled as it is. Central, I think, rents certain space from Texas Gas at their headquarters in Owensboro. But it is expected that, in the next year or two, they are going to be moving out. I'll tell you what I said to David, which is that we like to sleep at night, and what that means is at the Loews parent company, we are very conservative in our investments. Yes, I would say that I don't foresee interest rates going up several hundred basis points from here. So, for the time being I think interest rates will not move dramatically higher. We, we are -- what happened at Boardwalk is that as we were preparing to put the pipes in service, we had -- from a hydro test that is typically done, we had one leak indicating some sort of defective pipe. That pipe was replaced. And as a result of that Semsa asked us to run what's called a deformation pig, which is a tool that you put through the pipe in order to measure whether there's been any deformities in the pipe. It is a very sensitive tool that measures deformities of less than a quarter of an inch. And this is the first time that this tool has been used, I think industry-wide for this type of pipe. And had this tool not been used, then the Boardwalk pipe after that one joint was replaced would have been put in service and everything would have been hunky dory. But alas, we found these anomalies in the pipes. The question is, is this an industry problem or not? And the answer is, we don't know. Right now, as I said, we believe that we are the only -- we have the only pipelines that have actually used this tool, but it is possible that other pipes will -- other pipeline companies will have to use the tool and it will be interesting to see what they turn up from their own use of the tool. My pleasure. And, in fact, I think now that Bob Gillespie [sic] can't respond, I think note F is correct, that minority -- public shareholders represented 23.14 percent in the third quarter, and for the year to date, they represented 23.16 percent ownership. Any other questions? Yeah, the parent company debt is unchanged. When we look at acquisitions and buying in our own stock or buying in shares of subsidiaries, we take all of that into account. I can't say that one factor trumps another at any point in time. At a particular point in time that we look at something, we take all those factors into account, though. No, that's wrong. It's 10% for five years and then it resets its 700 basis points over treasury ten-year notes, and it resets either the higher of either that reset amount or 10%. Repeat again, please. Next question? Explain what you mean. I don't -- Thank you, Darren. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. For the third quarter, the excellent results of Diamond Offshore, HighMount E&P and Boardwalk were not enough to offset the catastrophe losses suffered by CNA, primarily from Hurricanes Gustav and Ike, or the figurative hurricanes in the financial markets that contributed to CNA's realized investment losses. While our third quarter results no doubt disappoint all of us, I want to emphasize that each of our subsidiaries is fundamentally solid. None of our businesses faces a liquidity problem and at the holding company, we possess a strong liquid and flexible balance sheet. Today we announced that Loews plans to purchase $1.25 billion of the new class of CNA non-voting cumulative senior preferred stock. Our investment will help CNA strengthen the statutory capital of its principal insurance subsidiary, Continental Casualty Company, which has been adversely impacted by the ongoing disruption in the capital markets. CNA will use $1 billion of the proceeds to increase the statutory surplus of Continental Casualty and the remaining $250 million will augment CNA's already robust holding company liquidity. Loews expects to complete the purchase of the new preferred stock before the end of the year. This addition to CNA's capital base, while not mandatory, will provide strong support to the Company during this period of unprecedented turmoil in the financial markets. The underlying performance of CNA's core property and casualty insurance operations was solid during the third quarter as measured by a 91.3% combined ratio before catastrophe losses. CNA has maintained its focus on disciplined underwriting and expense management which has served it well in the softening insurance markets. We also announced today that the Loews board of directors has approved a commitment to purchase from Boardwalk Pipeline up to $1 billion of equity securities which will fully fund the completion of its pipeline expansion project. Loews will provide equity capital to Boardwalk to the extend that external funding is otherwise unavailable on reasonable terms. Boardwalk anticipates that it will require a portion of this equity capital prior to the end of the year and the balance during the first half of '09. We continue to expect that the expansion projects, once completed over the next two quarters, will produce strong operating and financial results. As a reminder, these projects transport natural gas from prolific shale and other nonconventional plays in the Gulf Coast and mid-continent producing areas. These are attractive projects that will put Boardwalk in a strong cash generating position for years to come. With our large net cash balance and continuing healthy cash distributions from our subsidiaries, Loews is in a strong position to weather these disfunctional markets. We sleep well knowing that are able, if necessary, to held down our subsidiaries under the Loews financial umbrella. Earlier in the year, CNA announced that Steve Lilienthal will be retiring in June of '09 and handing over the reins to Tom Motamed. We are subsequently reaching agreement with Chubb Corporation which will allow Tom Motamed to begin on January 1 of '09 and therefore, Steve will be stepping down as Chairman and CEO at year end. I would like to take a moment to thank Steve Lilienthal for his almost seven years of masterful leadership at CNA. CNA has been beyond fortunate to have had Steve at the helm. While we will miss Steve, we are delighted that a smooth strength-to-strength transition is taking place. And with that, I will now turn over our call to Peter Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete? We're not in the business of issuing forecasts. Yes, I -- I'm not going to contemplate CNA trading at $5 a share. The parent line may have been a bit higher, I'm not exactly sure. Okay. I think the problem is visibility on the economic front. Right now it is very, very difficult to see what's going to happen in our economy and to go back to the Wizard of Oz metaphor, our crystal ball is totally clouded still. And we want to make sure that we have the cash and the financial resources so that we do not have to rely on the financial markets for anything, and that if we are able to access the financial markets, that's a bonus. Economically, it seems like the economy is improving. My guess is that the money from the stimulus package that was passed in the first quarter is starting to have an effect, but I have no idea whether that is ultimately going to be successful or not. I have no idea whether we're going to have positive or negative growth in the second half of this year or in 2010. And so our view has been and continues to be that we want to be very, very cautious with the use of our cash to make sure that Loews is in triple-A shape and so are our subsidiaries. Good morning. Thank you. Good morning. We've hunkered down. Everything that we buy, we buy with the expectation that worse comes to worse, we will hold it to maturity. We have, at CNA, we have two different classes of assets. We have assets in our asset liability account, which is a matched portfolio, which reflects scheduled payments that we have, and that has a duration of I think 12 or 13 years. That has a significant mark-to-market loss in it, but there is also a corresponding unrealized mark-to-mark gain in the liability related to those assets. So I don't worry at all about that mark-to-market loss. In our asset account, we have a duration of about five years. That represents about 70% of the portfolio. That's got a five-year duration. So with the duration being so short, it's providing us with significant amounts of cash flow on a monthly basis to reinvest in the marketplace, and so we find that we are able to buy municipal, ten-year municipal notes. We were able to buy at over 5%. We were able to buy A-rated corporate bonds at 100% of -- twice the yield of government bonds. These are absolutely bonanza type returns that we are able to earn in the investment portfolio, and we are buying good quality merchandise that worse comes to worse, we'll be happy to own until they mature. But there are, just as we have this mark-to-market loss, what it means is that there is great investment opportunities in the marketplace and we are taking advantage of it. That's right. That's generally right. There are a few reasons. Number one, because Loews would like to get this money back at some point in time. So when CNA's capital is strengthened, we are hopeful that the board of CNA will repay this preferred stock so that they can pay dividends on the common stock. Additionally, we like to -- we bend over backwards at Loews to treat all our minority shareholders at all our subsidiaries fairly on the theory that in treating them as fairly as possible, to go the extra step for them, that the marketplace will recognize that and provide superior valuation for those shares. And if the marketplace does that, that will then come back to benefit Loews, because for many of you, Loews is viewed as the sum of the parts. Currently, Loews owns 90% of CNA, so the idea of picking up a few extra percentage points, which may have been viewed as doing so at the detriment to the minority shareholders, just wasn't of interest to us. Exactly right. I'll tell you what I said to David, which is that we like to sleep at night, and what that means is at the Loews parent company, we are very conservative in our investments. Good morning. We've said that we would put in -- we said back six months ago or so that we would put in up to $1 billion into Boardwalk, and we've reported that we've so far put in $500 million. So that leaves $500 million. So that's cash going out. Diamond is cash coming in. No, what I said is we don't anticipate that that $2 billion will be required by our subsidiaries. Gas price doesn't - is only the secondary factor. What we care about the most is not even the amount of gas going through the pipeline. What we care about is that our customers reserves space on the pipeline. So that they can have gas delivered to them. Gas price is secondary because at dramatically higher gas prices, you would expect demand would fall-off and then the question is, how much that effect the customer's desire to make absolutely positively sure that on a cold day they are going to be able to get the gas that they need to ship on to their customers. No, and like we said, we anticipate that the cost to do these repairs will still be less than the $4.8 billion total capital cost for the project. CNA has a strong, strong business, and I'm just confident that having it trade publicly is in the long-term good of Loews shareholders and CNA shareholders, and I don't want to do anything based on some crazy pricing that is taking place over the short-term. Look at your own earnings valuation for CNA. What is it trading at? Six times earnings? Okay, operator, I think we're ready to open the call up to questions. -- of lost revenue due to the lower pressures that we're operating at. Now, when the repairs are actually put in place, there will be times when the pipeline has to be shut down. So those are additional lost revenues that we will have to deal with. From what I've heard, there is -- the people at Boardwalk are not concerned that, that old pipe will have to be replaced. In the past four or five years, pipe that's been used generally by the industry for these types of projects has been very strong, high tensile pipe that is called X 70. The, the legacy system of Boardwalk does not use that X 70 pipe. Hi, Bonnie. And welcome to Salomon Smith Barney. You can talk to Martin about which place is better. Buying out the minority stubs would not have -- first of all, would not have added capital to CNA, which was the primary goal. Second, we think that CNA, being public, is very, very important. I think it's good for CNA, I think it's good for Loews. If CNA weren't public, all the analysts would probably be complaining to us that there's no transparency to Loews and they don't know what's doing at our subsidiary with the largest balance sheet. So we like the fact that CNA is public, that it's transparent, that everybody can see what is going on and that you have to take the good with the bad. Our shareholders of Loews are able to compute on a minute by minute basis, the sum of the parts valuation of Loews. Now my view is, the reason I said you have to take the good with the bad is that usually, that is a good thing. On a day like today when CNA stock, to me, is trading at crazy ridiculous levels, it just means that the sum of the parts is also at crazy levels. But we'll deal with that nonetheless. Texas Gas is has - I think over 500 different contracts until there are constant renewals and are -- my understanding is that those are going about in the ordinary course and the new contracts that they are doing are rates that we had assumed that they would be able to achieve in our projection. I'm just going to leave that comment as it is. I don't want to get into any more details about how we are investing the parent company cash. Yes. Yes, we would like to, if we can find the right properties at attractive prices and my anticipation is that that will occur. But to date, we haven't seen much evidence of it. It's just to be 100% sure that CNA will have all the capital that it needs. Look, this is permanent financing because this is preferred stock with no maturity date. So in one sense it is permanent financing, but we are also hopeful that it will be a more like bridge financing, that CNA's capital will, when the markets come back to some sanity, be in a position that it can return this cash to Loews. When Loews put in cash previously into CNA, again, we got a lot of it back in the form of cash and some in the form of stock, but I'm hopeful that we will get this investment back sooner rather than later. And the thing I will say about CNA and asbestos is we take it phenomenally seriously. We believe that if you're going to be in the business you have to have the best legal minds focused on it. And at CNA our General Counsel is directly responsible for our asbestos litigation and has done a phenomenal job in terms of mitigating our exposure. Absolutely not, David. You said it, these are unprecedented times, and in these unprecedented times where you will have bond spreads blow out to unimaginable levels, where you have enormous numbers -- amounts of dislocations in all financial markets, what I see is, very simply, that CNA needs to get through this period and that on the other side of it, there is a very sound and solid business there. Remember, CNA stock probably a little over a year ago traded at over $50 a share. Today it's under $15, and I believe that when this financial crisis is over, that CNA stock will again be a very, very -- trading at a very attractive valuation. There is -- when we strengthened the capital five or six years ago, that was a period where CNA's insurance operations were problematic. That has been totally fixed. The insurance company had a combined ratio before catastrophe loss of 92 -- under 92%. So what it says to me is that the insurance operation is not broken, and the key to surviving these financial markets is just to have the ability and the wherewithal to outlast it. And we've said before and I say again that CNA is a strong company. Loews is there to support it if need be, and that is our -- the primary thing that we want to do at this point in time.There was no buybacks, so I'm not entirely sure what you're seeing. That's correct. You don't have to put the gun to my head. We're derisking. Thank you. It's really a benefit to us because we can invest the equity capital that's needed to build hotels and then once they have been built we can sell off a significant portion of it to investors. We can react to any situation that presents itself so that we can economically grow our business. So at Loews Corporation, we are willing to continue using the cash that we have to help grow our hotel business and what we do for each project is we make sure that the economics to those transactions look promising and if they do, we are happy to invest in them. Thank you. Let me just say we are very comfortable with our current ownership position. I don't want to talk about what we're going to do in the future, not for Boardwalk, not for CNA, not for any of our subsidiaries. But I can just tell you right now, we are very happy with our ownership of Boardwalk, and the cash flow and tax benefits that it's providing to Loews. The reason is that if most of the earnings were -- if most of the distributable cash flow were paid out as distributions, then in order to fund its capital program Boardwalk would have to sell shares at prices that would be very dilutive to the existing shareholders. So instead, the Board of Boardwalk has decided not to undergo that dilution, but rather it decided to dramatically reduce the distribution so that these projects could be internally funded, so that the leverage in the company could be brought down, and so that the company would -- and that this strategy would provide the best results for the people that are holding for the intermediate to long term. Boardwalk is an MLP that's in the natural gas transmission business and we view that as distinctly separate and apart from the gas exploration and production business. What I want to do is I want to treat spinoff questions and split-off questions the same way we treat share repurchase questions. And that is, I don't want to give you a sense of what we're doing for the simple reason that if we do, there's a good possibility that people on the Street will shoot against whatever it is we're trying to accomplish. So at this point in time, I think it's better for us just to remain silent on what the ultimate plans are. Yes, that was a $1.25 billion preferred stock, with a 10% coupon. We would like CNA to be able to pay that back as soon as possible. But before CNA can pay that back, they have to get their ratings into better shape. It's -- first of all, statistically, CNA, we believe CNA should be one or two notches -- rated higher by one or two notches. And we believe that the combination of the good reserving at CNA as shown by the tenth consecutive quarter of releasing reserves, as well as the strong management team should begin to get the rating agencies to move. Combined with that is that accumulated earnings over the coming quarters should also substantially boost property and casualty companies statutory surplus. So at some point in time, and I don't know exactly when it is, and I won't put a date on it, at some point in time, CNA should be able to begin paying down that preferred and ultimately it should all be repaid. So first of all, the family owns over 30% of Loews. It's not run like a -- it's not run as a family fiefdom, in any way. It is, I like to think we are professionally managed. We are looking to grow wealth for everyone, so in that regard it is like a family also. It's a publicly-traded company, so we comply with all the requirements and rigors of being a public company which in itself makes it just different than a family office. But I would say arguably, the goals are the same, increased medium to long-term value. It's just that we have different tools that we can use to create that value. Yes, we don't have that available right now. And, you know, as I think about it, I really don't want to put ourselves in a position where we're constantly disclosing our hedge pricing. The general observation is no comment. So, first, let's talk about where we are in our drilling program. Currently, spot natural gas prices are at about $4.83 for March delivery. That price is below the level that is economic for our nation, as a whole, to replace the gas that is being consumed. And so, what you've seen is a very significant decline in gas drilling rates that go on from about 1,600 now, down in a straight line to about 1,100. And they're still dropping. Analysts believe that they will probably have to go to 800 before the supply and demand equation changes. The good news is that there's a fairly rapid response to a decline in drilling rates. The depletion rate in the United States is somewhere between 25% and 30%. So if all drilling were to stop, production would decline in the United States by about 30% over the coming year. So we need to do drilling just to maintain production. And my guess is that in order for us, as a nation, to have enough incentive for people to drill, we need gas prices that are about $2 to $2.50 higher than the current level. With that said, there still are a few areas like Haynesville, where even at sub-$5 gas, it's still profitable to drill. With respect to HighMount, we don't operate in Haynesville and we don't operate in any areas where, on a fully allocated basis, it makes sense to drill. So we are in the process of reducing the number of rigs that we have working for us, especially in Sonora, which is our largest field. And we're going to take a time out, assess the situation and then, as the market improves, we'll begin to drill once again. So the valuation of natural gas is determined by two things. Number one are demand and number two is supply. Demand has been actually growing very rapidly and my guess is it will continue to grow and natural gas has been taking market share away from oil. But the issue is that the supply of natural gas has grown rapidly as well. My guess, and I've stated this before, is that the equilibrium price for natural gas is about somewhere between $4.00 and $4.50 per Mcf which is the equivalent of $25 to $30 per barrel of oil. So it still is as I like to call it, BTUs on the cheap. And the thing that has happened is that we have gone from an era, a long era of where natural gas was seen as a commodity that's in short supply or very scarce to one that is in abundant supply. So I think as more and more people understand that and factor it into their capital spending, you will continue to see natural gas consumption increase without natural gas prices running away, because as I said, there is so much supply that's available at that price range of $4.00 to $4.50 per Mcf. No, there is no reason, but I'd just like to challenge your premise a bit. Well no, a lot of it is that just the increase in production. As I said, production increased by about 25% in the past five years. It's forecast to continue increasing. The big driver of demand is LNG, these new LNG facilities that are being built to export natural gas around the world. My guess is that come the late teens, early 20s, we're going to see yet more impetus for growth in natural gas consumption as the EPA rules for coal plants emissions start to bite and force electric utilities to shut down coal plants and replace that generating capacity with natural gas. The thing that's made all this possible is technology in shale and producing gas from shale. That has driven the price of gas down to about $3.00 an MCF. That's in BTU terms, that's less than $20 a barrel of oil. So, gas for the past five years has been dramatically, dramatically inexpensive here in the United States. And what we're seeing in terms of the -- this real growth in the industry of 5% a year, which is quite extraordinary, is simply the reaction of the market to low gas prices. Good morning. We owe $100 million. I don't want to give a forecast on that and the reason is that our CapEx program is driven, in large part, by the economics that we can achieve through purchasing drilling services and the strength that we can obtain by hedging the production for the first two or three years. So, a lot of our CapEx is driven, not just by the spot price for natural gas, but by the forward curve going out three years and it's difficult, at this point in time, to say exactly what our CapEx will be. Okay. First of all, I think that if prices just stay where they are, we'll do very well with this investment. But as for longer term, I think that gas is more and more going to be the fuel of choice as we move into a world that's worried about global warming and greenhouse gases. Combined with that, we're seeing a reserve base in the United States that's at best, I'd say, staying flat. We're seeing reduced imports of natural gas from Canada, and I think we're going to see demand in the form of industrial, commercial, and residential uses. The one place where we could see increases in supply is in LNG, and LNG is now becoming -- liquid natural gas is now becoming an international commodity. But my guess is that we're nonetheless going to see a tight supply/demand situation in the United States over the long term as LNG just makes up for the declines in our producing assets. Well, we are not in HighMount anymore, so --. Say again? I would say been there, done that, got the T-shirt. We were in the E&P business and we have no desire to go back in. We are very happy with our two energy subsidiaries, Boardwalk and Diamond. For the most part they are capable of financing themselves. If for some reason one or both might need some financing we would seriously consider it. But those two companies going forward are going to be our exposure to energy. And in particular with respect to Boardwalk, it tends not to move on the base -- its business isn't affected based upon the price of the commodity that it is transporting. But unlike Boardwalk, Diamond Offshore, as we all will know, can move dramatically based on the price of oil. So to the extent that the oil market is going to recover, I strongly believe that we will benefit from that through improvements in Diamond's business and hopefully its stock price. I assume you are in talking about investments for Loews Corp.? First of all, it is not tracking stock but it does give everybody a sense of the worth or value of CNA. But we just bought like 150,000 shares. There wasn't a lot of stock to buy. So as you saw from our Form 4s, we were very price sensitive about those purchases. So we weren't concerned that we were going to substantially dry up liquidity in the stock. There are a whole host of reasons why I believe that interest rates are going to go up. Another one is a fear of inflation. Number two is just the dynamics in the market because at some point in time the Fed's quantitative easing is going to have to end, and when it does, that will be a $600 billion or $900 billion purchaser of fixed-income securities exiting the market. So, for those reasons and a lot of others, at some point in time it is inevitable that interest rates will go up. We are positioning the CNA portfolio to try to stay as short as we can, but also to recognize that we have liabilities that have to be matched. One-third of our liabilities reflect long-term care and other long-term liabilities that we match very close together. That's got about a 10-year duration to it. And then, the rest of the portfolio is -- runs about a five-year duration, and that's reflective of the liabilities that -- or the reserves that CNA has on its books for its bread-and-butter property and casualty business. And I think that still today is well within the context of the market. You know, not really. Not that would make a significant difference. So, Diamond is scrapping two rigs, but we believe that even in a robust recovery that there won't be work for those two rigs. Those rigs are generally very old and have served their useful productive lives. But we do have a number of rigs that are stacked that will be able to come out of stacked mode and operate when, as and if the oil -- offshore oil drilling industry improves. Well, we have just started in the past several months in the Mississippian Lime. It took some time because permitting work and disposal well drilling that we had to do and I'm hopeful that in the next quarter we will be able to report some preliminary results that we are seeing there as well as profit we report on how we are doing in the Wolfcamp zones that we are drilling in the Permian Basin in our Sonora properties. I wouldn't say there were significant changes. I would imagine that our investment in stocks increased because the stock market went up. And likewise, our investment in hedge funds probably increased because they, too, earned a few percentage points during the quarter. But otherwise, there were no real significant changes. You know, you know -- there are -- there's no free lunch in this world. 10 year rates on government securities are close to 460. And the rate on cash is 1 and a quarter. If we want it to be completely risk-free we could move 20 million, 25 million dollars from earning 5% down to earning 1%. It would totally kill earnings. So, the balance that we have to strike is between risking a book value on the one hand, and earnings on the other hand. I would submit to you that it is totally unfeasible to operate a property causality insurance company, though, with a portfolio with a duration of less than a year. Mike, I can't speak for why Diamond is priced where it is. You will have to ask some analysts on Wall Street. From my perspective, it seems like a crazy valuation, but who am I to say? Diamond is a -- as I said, has the strongest balance sheet in the industry. It has a phenomenal record of investment in offshore drilling rigs. Rather than build new rigs, they completely refurbished old rigs, and we had the equivalent of a brand-new rigs at half the price that are able to earn just about what a new rig out of a shipyard costs. We've got four new rigs coming out of the shipyard now. Some markets or the analysts seemed to be focused on the age of the Diamond fleet, but by my life the Diamond fleet does not nearly have the age that the analysts calculate. When I look at the age of the Diamond fleet, I think in terms of the market value weighted age. So that when you multiply the age by the market value of the rig and then compute the average age for the fleet, our numbers show that our fleet is about the same age as the Transocean fleet. So, I think Diamond is tremendously strong, has lots of financial flexibility, and I don't really understand what the market is focused on. Or maybe fewer. Okay. So the, the weighted average price of our hedge for the third and fourth quarter of 2009 is $7.79. And for 2010, it's $6.99. In terms of Loews putting in more cash into HighMount, we have no expectation of having to do that at all. That's not in our game plan. There was a significant increase in investment income. I leave it to you to decide whether or not you should be concerned about it. I'm comfortable with it. That's a series H preferred stock that Loews bought a number of years ago when CNA was in need of some additional capital. First of all, we want CNA to begin paying a dividend and we want it to be able to pay a consistent dividend and I believe that it is on a path to being able to do that. The fourth quarter was a small bump in the road but there some positive aspects including the elimination of the finite reinsurance, the commutation of it. And also just underneath the numbers the good run rate that CNA had in its property casualty business in the quarter. So that makes me feel good about the possibility for CNA to begin paying a dividend at some point in the future. With respect to the series H you can be sure that that is something that people at CNA and at Loews are looking at carefully. But beyond that I don't want to comment. Absolutely, positively. When we buy a business that we don't know, there is a lot of uncertainty to it. And the thing that we happen to know best is Loews; and because we three of our subsidiaries are public, we have a very good sense of what those businesses are worth. So, when we buy back our shares, we don't have to pay a premium. We are able to buy it at market price. And when you buy another company, typically you have to pay a premium to the market price. So all of that and more figures into the calculus that we go through when we think about buying a new business versus buying in our own shares. So, I love being compared to Berkshire Hathaway, number one. And I think we have business models that are similar in many ways, but to some extent they're also different. Number one, Berkshire has -- we have a AAA-rated insurance company. Theirs must be quintuple-A rated. They dramatic amounts of excess capital in their insurance company that allows them to buy shares of publicly-traded companies. Warren doesn't have to worry about share prices declining by 50% because even if they do, his insurance company still has more than enough capital. So, he's able to make long-term bets on equity in his insurance company. We're not so well-capitalized that we can make those long-term bets with unlimited amounts of capital in our insurance company, that's number one. Number two, we have a history of making acquisitions, but they're just not as -- they don't come as quick and often as they do for Berkshire. We started out basically as a movie theater company, and hotels quickly followed in 1960. In 1967 we bought Lorillard, it was another eight years before we bought CNA Financial in 1974, 1975. And then, it was close to 15 years before we made another major acquisition, when we bought Diamond M which became Diamond Offshore when we acquired ODECO. And even then, from the ODECO acquisition until we got into natural gas pipelines was 11 years. So, investors want to know what our next acquisition is, and they seem to expect them a little more rapid-fire than we're comfortable doing. We like to be methodical. We like to give it all due consideration and we like to find, as I said in my comments, the right deal at the right price. Thank you, Darren, and good morning, everybody. This morning we announced the acquisition of oil and gas properties in Texas, Michigan, and Alabama from Dominion Resources. Loews is paying $4.025 billion in cash for approximately 2.5 trillion cubic feet of proved reserves or approximately $1.64 per Mcf. While we certainly have the available cash resources at the holding company, we will consider borrowing at the subsidiary level to help fund the acquisition. Importantly, Loews is receiving a full tax step up upon acquisition. We expect the transaction to close sometime this summer. We've been investigating opportunities in natural gas exploration and production for some time because we have a favorable long-term view of natural gas pricing in the U.S. We believe that natural gas will increasingly be a fuel of choice here in the years to come. Of course, Loews is no stranger to the energy business, given our involvement with Boardwalk Pipelines and Diamond Offshore Drilling. And like Boardwalk and Diamond, our new E&P subsidiary will be a separate, stand-alone company. We have acquired proved reserves in three primary gas-producing areas; the Permian Basin in Texas, which represents over 80% of these resources, and the Antrim Shale in Michigan and the Black Warrior Basin in Alabama, which together account for the balance. These areas are often referred to as unconventional gas plays. While they certainly qualify as unconventional, I would note that, in this case, unconventional is synonymous with a long lived and low risk. We like the economics of factory-type natural gas production and believe that the proved reserves we are requiring have all of the right attributes. Specifically, there are several aspects of these properties in the business that particularly attract us. Number one, long-lived reserves. In both the Permian and the Antrim Shale, for example, reserve lives based on proved reserves exceeds 20 years. Number two, low-risk drilling. These fields are what are known as gas factories, with completion success rates in each field over 95%. In addition, these fields have large drilling inventories, providing access to further reserves and production. Number three, natural gas focus. As I mentioned earlier, we are very positive on the long-term prospects for natural gas in the USA. Number four, Dominion E&P is a low-cost operator, with both finding and development costs and lease operating expenses that compare favorably to its peers. And last but certainly not least, we are inheriting from Dominion a top-notch management team, and outstanding technical, financial, and field employees. The Dominion E&P organization has proven itself capable of maximizing value from its existing proven producing field. With this capable management team and group of employees, our yet to be named subsidiary in exploration and production will be well-positioned to serve as a platform from which we can capitalize on other E&P opportunities. Heading up this first-rate management team with over 30 years of experience in the oil and gas business is Dominion's Senior Vice President of Exploration and Production, Tim Parker. Tim will be joined by other members of Dominion's E&P senior management to form the senior management team of our newest subsidiary. This continuity of leadership should ensure a smooth transition. As an aside, I'd like to point out that our net production in revenues through the first part of '09 will be negatively impacted by existing VPPs or volume metric production payments. VPPs essentially represent natural gas production in current periods for which revenues have already been received in prior years. For example, approximately 8.5% of 2008 natural gas production will be used to fulfill obligations under existing VPPs. All else being equal, as these VPPs run off, we should see increases in our net production, revenues, earnings, and cash flow. In closing we are pleased to acquire high-quality, low-risk gas factory-type assets at an attractive price and to have the opportunity to partner with an experienced and focused management team. Loews has never been stronger and we look forward to the contributions our newest subsidiary will make to Loews' continuing long-term success. I'll now be happy to take any questions. 70% of '08 is hedged and of '09? Good morning. No. When the dust settles on this transaction hopefully by the end of the second quarter of this year there will be one class of Lorillard common stock. So, there are two types of CapEx you can do -- what we call organic, or inorganic. Organic is when you're building a new pipe that's generally attached to an existing pipe that you have, either to hook up a power plant, or in one case we have a $700 million project to move gas from our pipeline to an LNG facility. We have found that on those organic price projects, that take two to three to four years to build, that we can get long-term contracts, 10, 15, 20-year contracts, from investment-grade counterparties, at double-digit returns on assets. Sometimes, they're low double digits. Sometimes, smaller projects, they could be substantially higher than that. So, that's return on assets. So if you add traditional pipeline leverage, it's extraordinary rates of return. The other type of investment is inorganic, where you're buying another business, another pipeline business. What we've seen is that the rates of return on those investments are actually very low, sub-10%, because invariably you don't -- you have more competition, more bidders, and the prices just get driven way down. We have stated as a general rule that we like to be hedged one year's worth of production over the coming two years, and that's approximately where we are now. Additionally, when we do some of these drilling programs, and in particular the program that we did last year when gas prices were very low, we drilled the well, but we didn't complete it or frac it until sometime starting in December. And what we did is we hedged the first three years of production in order to be able to lock in very significant double digit returns on those investments. So we think that hedging is a very attractive tool that we have in order to maximize returns for HighMount. All right, I don't know that it was consciously elected not to do it. It's that we've done it in the past. It's pretty simple to do. You've done an excellent job of it. Two-thirds of the value of Lowes is reflected in the value of our publicly traded assets. And we clearly disclose what the value is of our non-publicly traded assets. And everybody can make their own assessment of what those values are. The reason we did it previously was just to show how simple it was to do it, to lay out the template for doing it. Our numbers are not the only numbers that are accurate or reflective. You put your own numbers together and those are perfectly reasonable estimates. So we do not shy away from some of the parts analysis. Well, first of all, remember these are long-life reserves so they're not as affected by the short-term pricing as -- by short term prices of natural gas as shorter-lived reserves might be. And when we sold these properties, we received approximately the same price per Mcf in the ground as when we bought these properties. So, we felt that in view of what the pricing was for the assets that it made sense to sell at this point in time. Michael, I am pleased to say that we don't make forecasts for our business, so I can't really respond to you. What we talk about more than earnings is value. And we talk about that over three to five years and let me just say I would be disappointed if the value of Loews did not increase significantly over that time period. First concerning General Motors bonds, I don't want to speak about individual holdings that we have of securities. That's just a general policy that we have. So I can't answer that question. And I don't know where the information came from that you're quoting. Secondly, with respect to the unrealized loss, if you look at what happened to bond rates over the period from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter, you see that there was actually a rather significant increase. For example, five-year notes went from about a 370 yield, to about a 410 yield. So it increased in yield by about 40-basis points. And that increase in yield, no matter how well barbelled we are positioned, what will result in a loss of market value in the securities. And so the decline in book value simply reflects the mark-to- market of the bond portfolio on our equity value. That is approximately where a producer can earn a reasonable rate of return on his investment. Now, a lot will be driven by the cost of drilling services and fracking services, and that can move dramatically over time. So when I say $4.00 to $4.50, we are really talking about a moving target. Yes, you could say that. But I would argue that it's beneficial for all shareholders that CNA is able to buy its stock and at a substantial discount to book value. The fact that Loews benefits is, yes, it's an interesting fact, but the point is that all shareholders benefit from that. Yes, it is all equities and LP, yes. While the markets as we said our pretty strong right now and we're enjoying the benefits of a strong marketplace. Will have you're correct, there was a filing for rehearing on Friday. However, I'm going to put it in these terms We don't even own it yet. My English teacher would be proud. We will give it to Darren Daugherty. The -- we have two months of operations of HighMount, and it performed basically as we expected. The main thing that drove it off of our expectations was the change that occurred this summer in natural gas prices. But we have about 30% of our gas prices hedged for this year, and about I think another 30% hedged for next year. So it 20% that's hedged for this year and 30% hedged for next year of we took -- we basically took properties that we received from Dominion and put them into HighMount, which is our corporation that holds our gas exploration and production properties, and we've taken over a substantial number of the employees from Dominion. And now it's operating within Loews' as a stand-alone subsidiary in that business. Christine, I'd prefer to leave that a mystery and not answer that question. Is correct. That's right. We've had lots and lots of different reasons for doing these transactions. I think interest rates as I said in my comments are fairly low. We are frustrated by how low they are. We would like them to go higher. We are for CNA, we maintain for our non-matched accounts which represents about two-thirds of the assets at CNA, we maintain a duration of under five for the portfolio. And what we are doing is we are basically investing new cash flow in 10-year securities and as they roll down the yield curve over time, we pick up a pretty good rate of return on those investments. But investing in with that type of strategy is truly a kiss your sister type of strategy. There is nothing at all exciting about it and what we would really like to see is higher interest rates. Say again? Absolutely. So, I don't fully understand what you mean about --. Yes. For example, in September, we got down to gas prices with a $5 handle on it, and now we're up to $7.5 or $8. This was a terrific rig. Is terrific rig. As I said in my remarks, if you had ordered it last year, chances are you would pay $750 million for the rig. We were able to buy it for $460 million, and we're not going to have to wait a long time to put it to work. If you ordered it last year at $750 million, you have to wait three years to actually get it on the payroll with a customer because it takes so long to build. So we just view this as a very attractive purchase for Diamond. In terms of what conclusions can you draw about the shape of what's going on in the offshore drilling business and in the world, it shows what happens, number one, when people are overlevered. This was an auction of the rig by the yard because they were not paid by the owner of the rig. And in terms of the world, I think it reflects the fact that people are somewhat concerned that oil prices are down. Now, it all matters on your perspective. Oil prices are down from $140, down by 50%, but they are up by 100% from $35 a barrel I guess the first quarter of this year. I don't have a forecast of where oil prices are going, but at today's prices of $70 a barrel, my guess is that drilling is still very economic for the major oil companies. So we're looking forward to operating the rig at attractive day rates. I really can't comment because I don't know specifically the nature of the assets that XTL is acquiring. And we don't have those numbers right here. Yes, very modest. So the valuation of natural gas is determined by two things. Number one are demand and number two is supply. Demand has been actually growing very rapidly and my guess is it will continue to grow and natural gas has been taking market share away from oil. But the issue is that the supply of natural gas has grown rapidly as well. My guess, and I've stated this before, is that the equilibrium price for natural gas is about somewhere between $4.00 and $4.50 per Mcf which is the equivalent of $25 to $30 per barrel of oil. So it still is as I like to call it, BTUs on the cheap. And the thing that has happened is that we have gone from an era, a long era of where natural gas was seen as a commodity that's in short supply or very scarce to one that is in abundant supply. So I think as more and more people understand that and factor it into their capital spending, you will continue to see natural gas consumption increase without natural gas prices running away, because as I said, there is so much supply that's available at that price range of $4.00 to $4.50 per Mcf. No. We don't make forecasts. Blaine, I see that this is your first time for the call because you talked about how being a controlled entity makes CNA an uninteresting investment. Well, by the same token you wouldn't have bought Carolina Group when it went from $25 a share and at one point more than triple. We don't -- we manage our subsidiaries as -- our public subsidiaries the way you would hope management would manage their own public company. We have a focus creating value for all the shareholders and we believe that over time, the market will recognize that value. With respect to CNA, you're right, there are lots of problems in the industry, but the question that you have to ask yourself is whether or not the market reflects those issues. I personally am comfortable with our mortgage-backed portfolio and I'm comfortable with the other assets that we have on the CNA balance sheet. And the fact that CNA doesn't trade at a premium to book value was a reason why CNA selected to buy in shares this quarter. But having said that, I should also say that having CNA as a public Company, even if it's priced at a discount to what we might think its real value is, is nonetheless positive because it does provide a benchmark for all investors to be able to determine the value and worth of CNA to Loews. Okay. First of all, [with PG], listen, we've lived with tobacco liability now for about 40 years. And it's something that, yes, we do worry about at night. Number two, we do believe it is, to use your expression, ring-fenced. Lorillard operates as a wholly owned, separate subsidiary. We follow all the formalities of corporate governance and believe that the liabilities of Lorillard are the liabilities of Lorillard and not of Loews. (inaudible), the same applies for all of our other subsidiaries. Each of our subsidiaries operates as standalone units that have their own Board of Directors, they own corporate governance and likewise, their liabilities should not ever come up to be liabilities at the Loews Corporation. So I'm always concerned about tobacco cases, but likewise I'm always -- I believe that the lawsuits are just a part of what's going on with the [torte bar] in America as it tries to seek a pot of gold and it's what we have to deal with in that business. With respect to natural gas, I think it is a fuel of choice. There is a big move afoot, as you know, both in the United States and elsewhere, to try to limit carbon emissions. Natural gas in that regard is the most -- it is the most efficient of the traditional fuels, if you think of coal, oil and natural gas the two major fuels -- or the three major fuels that we have in this world. Natural gas puts out the least carbon per BTU of energy. So we think that over time there will be a move away from oil and especially coal and towards natural gas. And in fact, we've seen that. In Florida, two weeks ago, there were -- one of the Florida utilities wanted to build, I think, two large coal-fired power plants and the Utility Commission turned them down, and instead they're building natural gas plants. Likewise in Texas, a similar thing happened with the takeover of a Texas utility that's now going to shelve some of these coal plants that it was going to build, and instead is going to build natural gas fired plants. So I think that there's a public sense that carbon emissions should be reduced and I think regulators and others see that fuel switching to natural gas, away from coal, is one way to relatively easily make that -- cause that reduction in carbon. Yes? So, ideally what we'd like to do is spend somewhere between $500 million and say $1.5 billion in equity to buy a business, and from that we could then possibly see adding more over the years to build that business up. Yes, I think so. I can't speak for the Board because I wasn't at the meeting but -- where they decided to do this, but I wholly support the decision. Look, the Board had two different routes that they could go. They could stress and strain and to continue to pay the dividend or pay a slightly reduced dividend, knowing that they would have to then go into the equity markets to raise capital in order to make investments in growth projects. And I think what the Board saw is that there could be very, very significant dilution to the existing shareholders. So the Board decided instead to go the route of significantly cutting the dividend so that -- the distribution -- so that the Company could make those accretive investments without any dilution to unitholders. And I would say that the hope and expectation is that in the future, the distribution will be able to be increased to levels that approach the historic levels that they have been at. This is all based on the Board's view of the business outlook and the changes that take place within the natural gas pipeline business. Yes, correct. At -- we're also reducing our asset-backs, and at Loews, we really haven't taken substantial credit risk in our portfolio in a long time. Rather, from time to time, we'll foray into the government bond market. But otherwise, we keep our cash relatively short. Not higher, that is correct. Well, the capital program is just about over. As I said in my comments, Boardwalk had in place a $4.8 billion capital program, that we think that the Company will need to raise less than $500 million and that at least 50%, of that amount that it needs to raise, would be equity. So my sense is that there would not -- there should not be significant pressure on the stock from its need to raise equity over the coming quarters. Beyond that, we have -- we are -- Boardwalk is looking at a few different opportunities that should serve to increase its cash flow but will not require significant amounts of capital in order to be able to do that. So, I don't know -- if you're asking; When will the dividends for Boardwalk accelerate from here? I don't know that I can answer that for you. But I can tell you that there are opportunities for Boardwalk, number one. And number two, the weight of equity offerings has been dramatically mitigated. Loews has what I would call a long and very glorious history of share repurchases. That's been a way that we have created a lot of value for our shareholders. We recently did a study and found that in current share equivalents, there were 1.3 billion shares outstanding in Loews in 1970. Today, that share count is down to 544 million, and we also saw that in every decade, we repurchased between 25 and 35% of our outstanding shares at the beginning of the decade. The reason I mention this is because share repurchases is from a corporation perspective, almost the equivalent of a dividend, and what we have found out over time is that maintaining share balances allows us, number one, to take advantage of corporate opportunities as they present them and number two, allows us to repurchase our shares at a opportune time. And so the Board has taken -- subscribes the review that it's good for the Company to hold these large cash balances to create value for shareholders and if a shareholder is looking to Loews as a dividend vehicle, then chances are that that shareholder has selected the wrong stock. We like it very much. The basic parameter is the relative valuation between Loews and Carolina Group. So, I was meeting with some investors earlier this week, and one investor is of the view that no company should do share repurchases, that instead they should pay dividends. And I thought about that a bit, and I discussed it with him, and I came to the conclusion that he is probably right in 90% of the cases. That there are -- the vast majority of companies that do share repurchases do them by rote, do them because they have extra cash on their balance sheet, do them because they think that -- because they want to offset the shares that are issued with employee benefit plans and the like. And I agree. For companies like that, I think that a dividend is a much better way of distributing your excess capital rather than through share repurchases. But we've been doing share repurchases long before it was in vogue to do them. Our records go back to -- we've researched our records back to 1970, but they go back even further, to the 1960s. And the time that we repurchase our shares is only when we think that the shares represent good value. So every day that we're repurchasing shares, I am thinking about, is this an attractive price to buy Loews at? And that's a different mindset, I would submit to you, than the mindset of many managements that just plan in the year that for the year they're going to spend $1 billion, and every day they buy in $4 million worth of their stock, no matter what the price. Let me contrast what we do at Loews with what we do at Diamond Offshore. At Diamond Offshore, we have, as I said in my prepared remarks, a special dividend program that we instituted in 2006 where we pay special dividends, which has now totaled close to $30 a share on (technical difficulty) stock. We pay dividends based on the earnings and financial performance and outlook for the company going forward. There really isn't that much difference. That is correct. Let me go to the cost cutting first. We leave it up to each of our business to manage themselves, but we monitor very closely what is going on. I don't think there is an opportunity for a wholesale cost cutting across each -- all of our companies. Rather, they each monitor that all the time. They know that we are looking at it. So, I don't think so you will see any extraordinary cost cutting going on. With respect to the valuation of Loews, it has historically traded at a discount. And as you know, the Company has used that as opportunity to repurchase shares, and, in fact, that's what we did to the tune of $300 million in the first quarter of the year. My goal is that the stock will not trade at a discount to its net asset value. So far, I can't say that I have been any good at delivering on my goal. But it is a goal that we have. And hopefully one day the market will recognize the value that those of us here at the Holding Company at Loews have created and that they will reward us with a PE multiple that is greater than a 30% or 40% discount to the market. And that the market will recognize that over the past 10 years, 20 years, 30, 40, and even 50 years, that shareholders of Loews have achieved rates of return in excess of 15% a year. Well, the terms of the preferred stock that Loews bought in CNA call for CNA to repay that -- begin to pay dividends on it once CNA's ratings have increased. It still comes with a warning don't try this at home. I don't want to give a number. We have no plans to modify Diamond. That business is doing very well. All we have to do is look at the analysts' reports to see what their expectations are with respect to earnings and that looks to be very, very strong. Additionally, Diamond has announced that its board will consider paying a special dividend in January, and possibly in future years, reflective of the earnings and financial position of Diamond for the prior year. So our anticipation is that we'll be able to -- as well as all shareholders, we'll be able to achieve significant cash flow from Diamond. Additionally, Diamond is in the process of trying to lengthen the term of its charter contract and has been doing that pretty well. So we are very happy with the performance of Diamond and our ownership of it. Thank you for the advertisement for our website. I'm glad you mention that. In fact, we are going to rebrand the Regency on 61st and Park as the Loews Regency Hotel. And it is and will be probably the flagship of our hotel company. Yes. Yes, and -- but even if there are needs from the subsidiaries, I mean we're talking a small percent of the $2.4 billion that Loews has. When I look at CNA I'm not looking at it -- I do look at it relative to this sector but I don't look at it in terms of outperforming or not. I look at it in terms of I want CNA to provide good, solid returns for us in the context of what's available within the industry and I also wanted to do that without providing any surprises in the future. It is very easy in the insurance industry to &quot;show good returns,&quot; All you have to do is short your reserves I want to make sure CNA is always well reserved. I think we've got great management at CNA now. I think we've got a good transition planned. So I'm just very positive about the performance of CNA going forward. Okay. Listen, we have a long and glorious history of holding cash at the parent company. We like it. And we have the discipline to hold it even if it pays us precious little in interest. We have of the $3.4 billion of cash at the holding company level, about $500 million is invested in equities and equity-like partnerships. The rest of that money, close to $3 billion, is invested primarily in fixed-income instruments. We have -- our corporate philosophy is to have cash at the holding company level, because only by having cash at the holding company level can we take advantage of opportunities when they appear. So, the cash that we have by the standards of the past few years is high by the standards of a few years before that, I think the cash that we have is low. I would say to you that it's a level that we are very comfortable with that gives us the opportunity to buy back stock if we wanted to do that. Gives us the opportunity to make an acquisition if we see an attractive one come along, and is not so great that it's, as I like to say, it's not burning a hole in our pocket. The basic parameter is the relative valuation between Loews and Carolina Group. Actually, we actually took back shares of CNA in return for our CNA preferred shares. We should produce in the course of a year, between 100 and 125 BTFs of natural gas. So every dollar a share -- dollar an MCF change in price for natural gas leads to a pretax income change of $100 to $125 million. It's about liquidity. We have, at the end of the first quarter we have about $5.5 billion of cash, cash and investments, about $900 million, $950 million of that is in hedge funds, that is a portfolio designed to earn I know 500 to 800 basis points over T-bills, and it has done that for us. And then we have another $300 million in stock. And then everything else, like $4.25 billion, is in money market instruments that -- it's painful not to earn a rate of return on it, but it's what we consider a cost of doing business. The general partnership interest? Yes, I don't think that that is going to have a major impact on us, and certainly not as serious an impact as it will have for banks. I think the thing that's concerning me that -- and I may talk about next quarter, are the changes that the FASB has up its sleeves. That it will start to lay out over the next several months, which will relate to market value accounting. I know the banks are apoplectic about it, it will be, as they say in the world of economists, pro-cyclical so that when things are good, banks will be giddy to actually loan more and when things are bad in the economy, banks will be retrenching even more. My guess is -- and for Loews and CNA, because we would have to mark all of our investment assets to market, it will cause our earnings to swing wildly. Such that in '08, if we had reported under this regime, our earnings would have been at CNA a loss of $5 billion, and in '09 our earnings would have been income of $5 billion. And so the first thing I think that analysts will do, with respect to insurance companies, which don't have one on the bank lists the way that other financial institutions have it, the first thing analysts will do when we report our net income number is deduct out that change of -- in market value of our assets. I would encourage one and all, when these proposals come out, to make your feelings known to the FASB about what's going on. Because it seems to me to be accounting that will serve no good purpose, will be difficult to account for at the corporate level and will economically be dangerous for the country. For banks, they will have -- if they are taking loan loss reserves, they will have to mark their loans to market, whatever that means. And as I said, it just doesn't make sense. So, pay close, close attention to it and we'll see how it develops. Are you talking about the Carolina Group or Loews? That's not a hedge then. That's a sale. Okay. I hear you. The equities? Yes. Yes, we don't have that available right now. And, you know, as I think about it, I really don't want to put ourselves in a position where we're constantly disclosing our hedge pricing. Well, first of all, I think shale, shale can continue its growth, but I don't know that it is going to be the panacea for oil production over the next five years. Right now it looks like shale production in the United States, shale oil production in the United States has flattened out. And I think what we are seeing is that it will take higher prices to get shale production moving again. First, with respect to the parent company debt, we -- all $865 million of it will remain outstanding. In terms of Lorillard dividends, to the extent that there are -- to the extent that there are dividends those will be paid out to all the CG shareholders according to our standard waterfall that we use for the distribution of those funds. The historic costs have been about $1.30 per Mcf. You know, I really want to refrain from talking about share repurchases. As we said for a long time now, Loews takes -- Loews' management takes a very proprietary interest in that and don't want to lay out exactly what the plans are for those share repurchases and what drives them. I'd say it differently (multiple speakers). No, we are primarily in three areas and the -- those shales that you mentioned are not where we are. Well, Marty, I want to translate that question. What have you done for me lately. So, Diamond goes first and I leave it to the Board to decide specifically what they want to do with respect to share repurchases. Out of the dividend that Lorillard pays up to Loews. Let me just say. With respect to our businesses, while it may sound inconsistent, it isn't, because I was talking about very, very long-term trends. And I'm not talking about what's going to happen tomorrow or the next day. So this year, I don't know where your numbers came from. Let me give you mine. So this year, we will have about $800 million of cash flow from our subsidiaries and we've spent about $750 million of that. We started the year with, I think, north of $5 billion in cash and right now, we have about $4.8 billion. So -- and we like to maintain a minimum of say $1.5 billion to $2 billion at least. So we see that we've got cash flow coming in in the form of dividends and we have $3 billion of capital that can be used for lots of different purposes, share repurchases, investments in our subsidiaries, a new business or, as I like to say, if there is nothing to do, we will do nothing with it. by a significant amount. The intent is that this will be a tax-free transaction for Loews and for shareholders of CG and Loews Corp. The most it can be is $4,025 million, but we would anticipate that some portion of that will instead come from bank borrowings, but at this point in time we don't know the exact amount. But to the extent that, say, there's $1 billion, $1.5 billion of borrowings from the bank, that would mean there's $1 billion, or $1.5 billion less coming from the Loews treasury. Just to remind you, at the end of the first quarter, we had cash at the Loews parent company level of $5.3 billion. Our pleasure. A good question, Mike. When we bought HighMount, natural gas prices were about $7.50 to $7.75 an Mcf; and in the first year, it went -- it just about doubled to about $15.00 per Mcf. And now gas prices have declined I guess 80% or so, to under $3.00 an Mcf. Nobody is making money at these levels. And my guess is that, even though HighMount is not public, obviously the value of our investment is lower today than it was when we made the investment. We did not anticipate the tremendous impact that fracking would have on the supply of natural gas. And likewise, I don't think that anybody really fully understood what that impact would be. Having said that, what has happened since then is that the cost of looking for natural gas, just the price of rigs and other services, has come down. But nonetheless, at $2.50 or $3.00 an Mcf, virtually nobody can look for natural gas or dry gas and be profitable doing it. So, my fearless forecast is that natural gas prices will go up over the coming quarters and years, and reach an equilibrium price that will still probably be lower than when we originally got into HighMount. Having said that, I am optimistic about HighMount's future. I am optimistic about the investment opportunities that we have there and believe that we will be able to earn good rates of return on our investments in it. We have no -- there are no particular sectors that we are looking at right now, nothing that has really caught our fancy. Yeah. Let me talk about Boardwalk Pipelines first. Listen, I like that investment a lot. As you know, we made a $700 million investment in it. We stand ready to make additional investments in it, should we feel that the opportunity is there. Boardwalk has $4.5 billion of projects that it embarked on starting about a year and a half ago. We are just about halfway through that construction process and should be pretty much done by the first quarter of next year. Those projects in total will yield -- should yield very good returns for Boardwalk that should be accretive for it, so I am positive on the company. The company also announced either Friday or today, that it is expanding its capacity on its biggest line, its gulf crossing line that goes east from Texas, bringing out Barnett shale gas. We were able to get a very significant increase in revenues as a result of that contract that we signed. So that really proved to me that the demand is there for the pipes that we are building. The other good news is that there is a very, very significant increase in the cost of building new pipelines. So that means that the lines that we have should be all the more valuable because they are new lines and they can compete with anything that anybody else can build, and if they bill a line today my guess is the rate that they will have to charge to carry gas would be -- has to be anywhere between 50% to 100% higher than what we were charging for just a year and a half or two years ago. So all in all, that makes me very bullish about Boardwalk and its future. Tax estate planning is my problem. And I think about it very carefully. I don't think I'm going to share it with everyone, but let me just say that we think about it and deal with it. In terms of succession planning, I have annual conversations with our board of directors and talk about it. The way I talk about it is in terms of emergency succession planning because while I may be 57 years old, I think of myself as about 28 years old, and I have no interest at all in retiring or ending my leadership of Loews. The last thing I want to do is retire and become a honey-do. And a honey-do is someone who just retired and their wife says, honey, do this, and honey, do that. That was just drilling CapEx. I'm not going to answer that question. I am going to stick with my 2% growth forecast. Let me just make one other point for clarification. Under Loews ownership Lorillard has not had any debt. Lorillard has, and Lorillard's depreciation has pretty much covered its capital expenditures. As a stand-alone company if Lorillard is going to have debt, if Lorillard is going to do share repurchases or any other corporate type transaction it will need some cash and net worth in order to be able to do that to service its debt, to buy in shares or whatever. So it will be up to the Lorillard's board to decide whether they want to continue paying out 100% of earnings and forego all those other opportunities, or take advantage of some of those other opportunities to create value. But the cost of that will be that they won't be able to pay out 100% of their earnings as dividends. Blaine, I see that this is your first time for the call because you talked about how being a controlled entity makes CNA an uninteresting investment. Well, by the same token you wouldn't have bought Carolina Group when it went from $25 a share and at one point more than triple. We don't -- we manage our subsidiaries as -- our public subsidiaries the way you would hope management would manage their own public company. We have a focus creating value for all the shareholders and we believe that over time, the market will recognize that value. With respect to CNA, you're right, there are lots of problems in the industry, but the question that you have to ask yourself is whether or not the market reflects those issues. I personally am comfortable with our mortgage-backed portfolio and I'm comfortable with the other assets that we have on the CNA balance sheet. And the fact that CNA doesn't trade at a premium to book value was a reason why CNA selected to buy in shares this quarter. But having said that, I should also say that having CNA as a public Company, even if it's priced at a discount to what we might think its real value is, is nonetheless positive because it does provide a benchmark for all investors to be able to determine the value and worth of CNA to Loews. I don't want to go into that right now. We're just continuing all the options, and we'll make an assessment as the facts unfold. Over the next period of time. No, there's really the one-time only taxes obviously adjusted somewhat, Bob, but there's no other big story other than that. It's just some other spending but nothing material. Excluding the Lorillard cash. Correct. I think that -- actually I'm -- I've been fairly sanguine about pricing in the commercial P&C space. And the reason for it is because of the extraordinary capital discipline that has been in place for the past 5 or 10 years in the industry. The industry generates lots of excess capital and what we see from a lot of companies in the industry is that with a combination of share repurchases and dividends, companies are returning their -- the entire amount of capital that they have earned in the past year. And in fact some companies are returning more than their earnings. So in the old days we used to have exaggerated cycles in this industry because companies retained so much capital. But now that capital is being recycled through share repurchases and dividends, I just don't see the capacity pressure that drives down prices like we have seen in prior cycles. So, prices now -- we are still getting probably 2% to 4% price increases, that is generally good enough to cover inflation, which -- so the federal government tells us is about 1.5%. CNA is also busily re-underwriting its commercial book of business. So I am hopeful that even in this price environment over time CNA can continue to bring down its combined ratio as we strive to become a top quartile commercial lines underwriter. We own about 53% of Diamond. Well, I think it's all one -- look, the agreement is only tied to completeness of review. If the trial court determines that there's completeness of review, then the agreement, the terms of the agreement are no longer in effect. So whatever aspects that implies, that's what happens. And that would obviously imply that there's no longer a need for a net worth kind of limitation and it would also, the Court would then have to decide how to dispose of the dollars that are being held as part of this agreement. But the essential part here is a determination as to whether or not there's completeness of review. We were pretty significantly hedged in the second quarter. One minute, we will finally the exact number. We were pretty significantly hedged. Generally, what we want to do is to be hedged about one year's production over the following two years. Bob, you know us. Our goal is to increase value for Loews' shareholders, and we will do that if we think it creates value for us. And we gave you the prices for the hedged amounts and then you can compute the returns for the other amounts. Making sure, of course, that you add or subtract what we call the basis, which is the cost to get our hedged product or any product to a major market. So I think right now the conditions are bad enough for rig valuations to go down. The problem is they haven't been bad enough for long enough. There are people who either have rigs chartered so they are not feeling any pressure. There are people who may have lost charters or who have rigs that are unchartered now that are feeling a lot of pressure but interest rates are low and at least for the next few months they are able to get by. People that have rigs that are scheduled to come out of the shipyard many of them have delayed the arrival of the ships. But there's no doubt in my mind that as the charter market remains a vast desert for these fifth and sixth generation rigs that the carrying cost of the rigs which is both the interest that they have to that owners have to pay on their that and additionally the staffing costs for these rigs which can be as much as $2 million to $3 million a month, that will start to weigh on the owners. And at that point in the next two, three or four quarters I think we could see that some fifth- and sixth-generation rig assets become available for sale. That makes sense, yes, there will be no more interest expense on the notional debt and there will be no more amortization of the debt itself. So all the cash flow coming up CG will be available subject to the discretion of the board to be paid out to all the CG shareholders. Yes. But, yes, we did increase the amount of subprime mortgage-backed assets that we have in the CNA portfolio. I think we bought about 163 -- CNA bought about $163 million of Loews types of goods and we expect returns on those anywhere from 10% to 15% over the next few years. So this year, I don't know where your numbers came from. Let me give you mine. So this year, we will have about $800 million of cash flow from our subsidiaries and we've spent about $750 million of that. We started the year with, I think, north of $5 billion in cash and right now, we have about $4.8 billion. So -- and we like to maintain a minimum of say $1.5 billion to $2 billion at least. So we see that we've got cash flow coming in in the form of dividends and we have $3 billion of capital that can be used for lots of different purposes, share repurchases, investments in our subsidiaries, a new business or, as I like to say, if there is nothing to do, we will do nothing with it. We don't think of it in terms of net cash, we think of it in terms of $3.4 billion. The debt is -- has an average life of probably eight or 10 years, so we're not worried about it maturing or having to refinance it. So our treasury of $3.4 billion is what we use and what we think about in terms of making acquisitions, share repurchases and the like. And remember, last year we had $1.1 billion of additional cash come into our treasury from dividend distributions and investment income. So that number, assuming we do nothing, should go up rather significantly this year. So we have an investment portfolio of about $50 billion, and about -- at least $40 billion of that, so the vast majority of it is in fixed-income securities for our insurance company. And within our insurance company, we have two different types of investments -- two different types of portfolios that we have. Number one, we have runoff liabilities, and those are matched by assets matching the duration of those liabilities. So there, we match durations and we really don't have much choice in the maturity of the securities that we buy. But two-thirds of the portfolio is just what I would call run-of-the-mill -- [bax] run-of-the-mill insurance reserves, and there we do have a choice about the duration of those liabilities. And we are absorbing the pain by investing relatively short for that portfolio because we believe that at some point in the future, there will be a significant rise in interest rates. Now, if you ask me -- had asked me when I thought interest rates would rise, I would've told you at least six months ago, but instead of rising, they've gone down, and so we've kept our portfolio short as a result. Short and prepared for an increase in rates, should that happen. With respect to the equity markets, there I'm not as confident of my view. The equity markets have had a tremendous move since March of 2008. But, nonetheless, certain equities still do not look expensive. And dividend yields are actually quite significant. So, that all makes me somewhat sanguine about the equity markets. Or at least a number of quarters. I would imagine so, yes. Maybe even a gain! No, the 4. -- the $700 million in Boardwalk. You're talking about the financial regulation bill going through the senate right now? The parent company would invest more money into HighMount if we find the right opportunities. Obviously, we'd prefer for HighMount to be able to finance it on its own, but given the right opportunity, Loews will be there to make the investment. Loews was not invested in the subprime space, and we have not traded in it, leaving that opportunity entirely to CNA. Well, for example, just a few months ago, Boardwalk had an Open Season and is moving forward with moving gas South from the Marcellus down towards Louisiana. And then just last week, the second Open Season for that came to an end, and that seems to have been a successful Open Season. So, in terms of the $5 billion of cash that we have, we have about $400 million that's invested in equities. We have another $900,000 that's invested in hedge funds, and then, the balance, about -- in excess of $2.5 billion, is invested primarily in money market instruments earning very little. So, cash in terms of earnings is a drag, but it's something that is an essential part of our business, because by having that store of cash, it gives us the ability and the confidence to make investments when we think it's the right time. In terms of the economy, I've been saying for the past for the past five years that the economy was going to grow at 2%. And just in October I changed my forecast for 2014 to say that it was going to grow at 3%. So, as of this morning, I'm down 4%, because the first quarter was revised to down 1%, but my guess is that that's more of a statistical fluke and that going forward for the next three quarters we're going to see 3% or 4% growth in the economy. I do think that the economy is starting to get its footing back, and I think we could be in for more relatively reasonably good times. With respect to the hotel industry, what we saw over the past two years is that we were able to make hotel purchases at attractive returns to us when we took into account what we'd have to put up in terms of equity for the hotel, combined with the management fees that we earned on managing the hotel while also owning a part of the hotel. More recently, though, we've seen that hotel prices have gotten to higher and higher valuations, and so, what's starting to percolate within us is that instead of buying hotels, now may be the time when it makes sense to develop them as opposed to buy them from somebody else. So, that's a process that we're going through right now. So I think right now the conditions are bad enough for rig valuations to go down. The problem is they haven't been bad enough for long enough. There are people who either have rigs chartered so they are not feeling any pressure. There are people who may have lost charters or who have rigs that are unchartered now that are feeling a lot of pressure but interest rates are low and at least for the next few months they are able to get by. People that have rigs that are scheduled to come out of the shipyard many of them have delayed the arrival of the ships. But there's no doubt in my mind that as the charter market remains a vast desert for these fifth and sixth generation rigs that the carrying cost of the rigs which is both the interest that they have to that owners have to pay on their that and additionally the staffing costs for these rigs which can be as much as $2 million to $3 million a month, that will start to weigh on the owners. And at that point in the next two, three or four quarters I think we could see that some fifth- and sixth-generation rig assets become available for sale. Let me just restate it if I could. If you go back five years, virtually all of our free cash flow came from Lorillard. Now, we have significant sources of cash flow coming to Loews. We have, first of all, the dividend coming from CNA which should be -- based on the $0.10 a quarter dividend, should be about $100 million a year. We received a special dividend from Diamond Offshore and anticipate receiving regular dividends for the rest of the year, so that should be about, I think, $300 million or so. We have dividends or distributions coming from Boardwalk, which on a pre-tax basis should probably be between $150 and $200 million a year, based on the current dividends, distributions that they are paying. And then we also have the distributions from Lorillard, but we also have the investment income on our cash balances, which if you use just a money market rate of return, should be, on a pre-tax basis, in excess of $250 million a year. So, there is very significant cash flow that is coming up to the parent that has been dramatically diversified over the years and our goal is to continue diversifying that the cash flow. So, let me talk first about what we're not interested in. We're not interested in retailing, we're not interested in technology, we're not interested in a business where one bad CEO in a few years can totally ruin your business. We're generally interested in what I would call legacy businesses, so not high-tech. We're interested in two different types of legacy businesses, either those that are down and out, cyclical businesses, similar to what we did in tankers or similar to what we did in offshore drilling, or the other model we're looking at is, businesses where we can get a toehold in an industry, learn the industry, and then grow. And so, for example, I would say that the acquisition of Texas Gas Transmission in 2003 is a perfect example, and from that we then a year later bought Gulf South and created Boardwalk Pipelines. So, a business where we can get a toehold, where we can see that -- over time we can learn the business, and then invest more capital at attractive rates of return, could be very interesting for us. Thank you, Darren. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews reported a solid quarter, reflecting improved results at CNA, continued strong results at Diamond Offshore and higher investment income in the holding company portfolio. During the third quarter, Loews's book value per common share increased by over 14%, primarily as a result of the $1.7 billion increase in the mark-to-market value of CNA's investment portfolio. What a difference a quarter makes. Well, in both the Mississippian Lime and also in the Permian basin, in the Wolfcamp Shale we are looking to see if we can produce oil from those two regions economically. We know there is oil down there because we have drilled wells and we have and we still are producing it. But the question is whether we can figure out how to extract the oil and earn at least a reasonable rate of return on our investment. It will take us another several quarters to be able to determine whether or not we can do that. But we do know that the oil is down there. Another industry you're very fluent with. Well, they have been through this drill before through power failures and the like. There is -- especially in times of crisis or emergency there is an extraordinary esprit de corps. At times like this guests tend not to expect 4.5 star service, they are happy to have a clean bed in a clean bedroom and I am pleased to say that the hotels can provide that and more. And the management of a hotel goes far out of its way, the workers go far out of their way and they are all able to achieve a product that the guests truly appreciate. Well, Boardwalk, as you know, has a very significant construction plan in progress that hopefully will be completed within 12 months from now but Boardwalk also had a need for cash to help finance that plan. I'm pleased that the Company is able to continue growing the dividend. As I said in my remarks, that was the ninth consecutive time that its increased its dividend and the earnings have been improving. So, I'm sort of very pleased with the performance that Boardwalk has provided. At the end of the quarter, we have $3.2 billion. We have debt of $865 million, and I'll let you do the addition for the dividends that we're receiving. Before we open up the call to questions, I would just like to close with some observations. Economic conditions in the US for 2012 remain challenging with the pace of recovery sluggish and intermittent. We expect more of the same for 2013. Our consolidated results were impacted by a few large unusual items such as the impact of Superstorm Sandy on CNA and the impact of continued low natural gas prices at HighMount. Absent these items, we are pleased with the progress that all five of our subsidiaries are making toward meeting their strategic objectives. Now I will turn to call back over to Mary. No, we are primarily in three areas and the -- those shales that you mentioned are not where we are. Thanks, Don and good morning everybody and welcome. Loews had a reasonably good third quarter. Each of our subsidiary companies performed well during the period. However, the otherwise excellent results for the quarter were somewhat diminished by a previously announced $96 million after tax charge to earnings related to a settlement of or arbitration at our CNA insurance subsidiary. In August, we completed the acquisition of HighMount Exploration & Production. HighMount is the name of the company we formed to hold the natural gas assets acquired this summer from Dominion Resources. The company hit the ground running and performed well during its first two months of operation. In addition to making a successful transition to a stand alone company, HighMount was able to achieve 100% success rate for the 103 wells it drilled during the quarter. Hopefully this will be a sign of things to come. Also during the quarter we announced our plans to divest our Bulova Watch subsidiary. Bulova has been a steady performer ever since Loews acquired a controlling interest in 1979. The price we are receiving for our smallest subsidiary will ease the pain of parting with Bulova. The transaction is expected to close in January of '08. Not yet, no. We are not going to give a range. But let me just say Miami is a significant contributor to Loews Hotels' income. And it is earnings during this capital improvement time will be dramatically affected by the work that is being done. But we strongly believe that the hotel that will be seen by the public when the work is completed will be a dramatic improvement over an already very profitable hotel. The economy is definitely going to drive this story. Definitely. The hotel business is primarily a fixed cost business because you've got to keep the lights on and the restaurants open and you have to keep people at the front desk. But nonetheless, you still have to have a focus on all of your costs. And so, that's exactly what we're doing and my guess is it's what just about every other hotel operator is doing. The CapEx was -- we have Dennis Millet and Tim Parker on from HighMount. We don't do that, and historically we don't do that. Tax basis is a very simple item when it comes to your own portfolio. When it comes to subsidiaries and other corporate assets, it is phenomenally complicated and takes an enormous amount of effort. And we do not typically adjust the basis -- we do not calculate the basis on either a quarterly or annual basis. And I would say, likewise, I don't think there are any S&P 500 companies that actually do that. We have no interest in selling any of our sharers in Diamond Offshore. As you know, we own just over 70 million shares which is about 54 or 55% of Diamond, and we are positive about the outlook for the business. The earnings estimates on the Street keep going up; they show earnings improvement in '07 and '08 and even into '09. Diamond has annunciated a policy of paying dividends reflective of its financial position and the earnings in the prior year. So we are very pleased to continue owning Diamond Offshore as a source of significant cash flow for the [powering] Company. We're going to be getting into the world of oil and gas accounting, so an important factor here is that we are getting a step up basis so that we will spread this $4.25 billion (sic -- see press release) purchase price over all of the assets that we're acquiring. That shouldn't affect the earnings too much, but will have an affect on the cash flow because we should get some significant tax benefits from having that tax shield. The $1.9b? You know, it changes all the time. We could be moving into five-year notes one day. We could be moving out of them the next day and investing in Treasury bills. Well, they have been through this drill before through power failures and the like. There is -- especially in times of crisis or emergency there is an extraordinary esprit de corps. At times like this guests tend not to expect 4.5 star service, they are happy to have a clean bed in a clean bedroom and I am pleased to say that the hotels can provide that and more. And the management of a hotel goes far out of its way, the workers go far out of their way and they are all able to achieve a product that the guests truly appreciate. Let me just say something before Darren gets on. Bob Glasspiegel referred to it at the beginning of the call. We think this is Darren's last call on the Loews call. Darren has been here for a number of years and done an admirable service. And so, as a reward for all the fine work that he's done, he is moving to Houston and has become the head of IR for Diamond Offshore, where there are a lot more callers into the quarterly calls, there are a lot more analysts that follow the company and he's staying dramatically more busy than he has been here at Loews. Take it away, Darren. You will be among the missed here. Well, you know how much cash we have, which is -- Good morning, Bonnie. Yes. That's what we've always done. We've paid our quarterly dividend and then we use the -- first we pay the interest expense, then, on the notional debt, then we pay the dividend, and then whatever cash is left over we use to reduce the notional debt. Over the years, that notional debt has been reduced from $2.5 billion when Carolina Group went public, to now just over $400 million. And what I said was that the notional debt has been reduced in this latest period from just over $800 million to just over $400 million. So we have $400 million more to go before all the cash flow of Carolina Group can be used for only dividends as opposed to dividends and repayment of debt. No -- I've got to tell you, we've tried, and we continue to try. We've tried to get I can't tell you how many securities firms to follow Loews. Loews right now has, I think, two analysts who follow it. Diamond Offshore probably has 20 or 25. And when you think about value added for an analyst, man, I would think that one more analyst following Loews as compared to one more analysts following Diamond Offshore would truly make sense. But, for whatever reason, the Wall Street sell side firms don't want to follow Loews. So we've written our annual report. There are lots of color drawings and pictures so that people can understand quickly and intuitively what Loews is all about. We come to conferences like this. We talk to lots and lots of investors. So we are talking to lots of people and trying to get our story out. But by the same token, I view the discount as a fabulous opportunity for the company to continue buying in the Loews shares. Just think -- you are able to buy something for $32 that has intrinsic value of something just shy of $50 -- I want to be the last shareholder in that enterprise. And that's what we've done for the past 40 years, and it's our stated policy to continue doing that. The time factor in seasonality relates to gas prices. And if you look at the gas future, you see that gas prices tend to peak in December, January, February, and they tend to go down into the spring, maybe go up a bit in the summer when there's air conditioning demand, and then decline again in the early fall before going up again into the wintertime. Nothing has changed. Yes, that is at a 7% rate to Loews. We get the benefit of the intercompany -- or the corporate dividends receipt deduction. Not really. One of the things that we like a lot is not having to have partners. We like having shareholders and minority shareholders, and we bend over backwards to treat our minority shareholders very well. But we have -- we just believe that it's better for us to go our own way as opposed to bringing partners. We've never really felt constrained from doing a deal because of our level of capital. And so, we just don't see the advantage to us. And those guys get 2 and 20, I get $1.08. So what can I say? If you want, after today's meeting you can go right next door and get a free lunch thanks to the Blackstone Group, and you can buy some [trucks]. Yes? I'm going to state a firm and fast rule here. I'm not talking about the disposition of any of our companies. First of all, it it creates rumors, number one. Number two, it is phenomenally disrupting to the people that work at those subsidiaries that are working for all of our shareholders and it is the kind of question that I can't even answer anyway, because if we were considering disposing of it, do you think I would make and announcement on this call to do so? So chalk me up to a no comment to your question. Yes, I would have bought AT&T if we had the cash. I mean, there are always -- my point is there are always bigger and bigger deals that you can do . And the size of the company now is $20 billion. You shouldn't look at the cash just in the context of it's the most cash we've had. I would venture to say that the amount of cash that we have as a percentage of our market value is not at the highest level that it has ever been at. Yes. Nothing significant, no. That was just drilling CapEx. No, no. We have the cash on-hand to make that payment on settlement. No, I haven't run the number recently so I can't really comment. So, the primary market for third, fourth and fifth generation rigs I believe will be in the shallower water depth where sixth generation typically positioned rigs cannot compete. They just technically cannot compete there. So, I think that there will be in the future a good market for those third, fourth and fifth generation rigs, but it will be a relatively small market. Certainly not as big as it was in prior decades. So, we are very comfortable -- Diamond is very comfortable with the exposure that it has to that class of rigs. And that net worth covenant is to maintain net worth of at least $921 million. We don't have that at hand right now. Thank you, appreciate it. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. Thank you, Josh, and good morning, everyone. The central theme for the third quarter of 2005, much like last year's third quarter, with hurricanes. This year, however, it was the Gulf of Mexico, instead of Florida, that bore the brunt of the season's storms. In particular, Hurricanes Katrina and Rita were disruptive for our subsidiaries that have exposure to the Gulf region, which includes Diamond Offshore, Boardwalk Pipeline, Loews Hotels, and CNA. It's going to be a short answer. We tend not to look overseas. We think that we have a tough enough time figuring out what's going on here in the United States of America and figure that if an opportunity became available overseas we'd scratch our heads and wonder why the locals there weren't taking advantage of it. We like being here in the United States and like managing our business here in the United States. Yes? Thank you, Darren. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. As you know by now, we announced earlier this morning that the Loews Board of Directors has approved a plan to spin off the Company's entire ownership interest in Lorillard. The Lorillard shares will be distributed to holders of Carolina Group stock and Loews common stock in a tax-free transaction. As a result of the transaction, Lorillard, which is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of Loews, will become a separate publicly traded company. The Loews Board of Directors believes that this transaction will benefit both Loews and Lorillard, and the Board is taking this tep in its continuing effort to create value for holders of Loews common stock and Carolina Group stock. I will tell you about some of the benefits we see coming from the intended transaction. But first let me start by addressing how we plan to accomplish the separation and what we see as the approximate timeframe. After I complete my prepared remarks, Marty Orlowsky, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lorillard, will make some brief comments before we open up the call to your question. As outlined in our press release this transaction will be completed in two basic steps, both of which will occur in the same approximate timeframe. The first step will involve an exchange of Lorillard common stock for each outstanding share of Carolina Group stock. No action by holders of Carolina Group stock is required to authorize this exchange which is permitted by our corporate charter in provisions adopted by our shareholders in 2002 when Loews created the Carolina Group. As a result of this exchange, the holders of Carolina Group stock will become holders of approximately 62% of Lorrilard common stock. Loews will own the remaining share. In the second step Loews will distribute its remaining 38% of the outstanding shares of Lorillard common stock to holders of Loews common stock. If we determine that market conditions are acceptable the distribution will be accomplished through an exchange offer for outstanding shares of Loews common stock. In the exchange offer Loews would offer holders of Loews common stock the opportunity to exchange their Loews shares for shares of Lorillard common stock held by Loews. If we do not accept this exchange offer or if the exchange offer is not fully subscribed, the remaining shares of Lorillard common stock would be distributed on a pro rata basis for the holders of Loews common stock. The net result of this transaction will be that Loews will have distributed all of its ownership interest in Lorillard and Lorillard will become a separate publicly traded company. We expect a complete this transaction in June or July of '08, although at least three important conditions must be met before we go forward. Condition number one. We have to receive a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS and an opinion of tax counsel regarding the tax free nature of this transaction. We expect to file our application with the IRF by the end of this month. Condition number two. The SEC has to review and approve Lorillard's registration statement and other filing. Lorillard expects to file its registration statement with the SEC by the end of January '08. And finally, condition number three, the Loews Board of Directors needs to make a final decision to proceed following the receipt of the IRF private letter ruling, the opinion of tax counsel, satisfactory completion of the SEC review and other customary condition. In addition, we do not intend to proceed with this transaction until the Carolina Group notional intergroup debt which currently stands at $424 million is fully paid down. We expect this to occur by the end of the second quarter of '08. As I mentioned a moment ago, we are pursuing this course of action because we believe that this transaction will benefit Loews and Lorillard and the holders of Loews common stock and Carolina Group stock. By way of background let me highlight three of the many factors considered by the Loews Board of Directors in coming to this decision. First, both Lorillard and Loews are in robust financial health. Lorillard's financial condition and market position are the strongest in memory, and Loews's insurance, energy and lodging businesses are all performing well. Both Loews and Lorillard are currently operating from positions of strength. Another factor considered in coming to this decision is that the US tobacco market has recently undergone substantial changes. The litigation environment is relatively benign, and Lorillard's competitors are making significant strategic moves aimed at improving their position in the US tobacco market. And the third factor is that the forces of Loews's cash flow have changed dramatically. Formally Loews received the bulk of this holding company cash flow from Lorillard. Today, our sources of holding company cash flow are substantially more diverse, resulting from the significant growth in dividends we receive from our three public subsidiaries, Diamond Offshore, Boardwalk Pipeline and CNA Financial. With these three factors as a backdrop, we believe that the separation of Lorillard from Loews will enable Lorillard to pursue strategic opportunities in a changing US tobacco market. The spinoff will provide Lorillard with an attractive acquisition currency in the form of Lorillard common stock. And it will give Lorillard access to the equity and debt capital market to help finance its business and any potential transactions it may decide to pursue. We believe that Lorillard shareholders will ultimately benefit from Lorillard being a separate public company. Its management and Board of Directors will be motivated to achieve both market growth and increases in long-term shareholder value. Additionally, we believe that by becoming direct Lorillard shareholders, Carolina Group shareholders will benefit from the removal of any tracking stock discount that may now exist or could exist in the future. At Loews we continue to pursue our strategy of being a 21st century conglomerate. We have three objectives; optimizing the performance and value of our subsidiaries, acquiring attractively valued companies and engaging in share repurchases and other value enhancing corporate finance action. Our singular goal is to create value for the holders of Loews common stock, and we believe that we are doing just that through this transaction. While Lorillard is a great company with a great management team, over the past several years the tobacco business has not been a primary strategic focus for Loews. We have allocated our capital in other areas, most recently to enter the natural gas pipeline business and the natural gas exploration and production business. At the same time we've seen been the fortunes of CNA Financial and Diamond Offshore improve dramatically and have taken advantage of opportunities to repurchase Loews common stock. Looking forward, we would not anticipate allocating additional capital for growth in the tobacco industry. The separation of Lorillard from Loews should improve Loews's risk profile in the eyes of rating agencies and equity investors. Additionally, we believe that the spinoff will ultimately help our credit ratings and our stock price. Our core strategy of acquiring attractively valued companies should benefit from the reduction in our cost of capital which will be a direct result of lowering Loews's perceived risk profile. Following the completion of the transaction, we believe that Loews will be well positioned to continue to create value for our shareholders through the various strategic levers we have at our disposal. Similarly, Lorillard management will be able to continue pursuing its highly successful business strategy while moving to capitalize on opportunities in the tobacco market. Well, Bob, the exchange offer is really a means by which shares of Loews would be repurchased by giving out shares of Lorillard. So what will matter to the Loews Board of Directors is the relationship between the price of Loews stock and the price of Lorillard stock. And if it is determined that either Loews is too expensive or Lorillard is too cheap, then as an alternative to the exchange offer the Board can simply decide to issue in a pro rata manner through a dividend all the shares of Lorillard. And in that situation we will not have bought back any shares of Loews stock in this transaction. But we will have distributed all the shares. You know, I don't like to look back. I look forward. I think the shareholders of Loews have done well. I think the shareholders of Lorillard have done well. I wish Lorillard all the best luck in the world. Marty Orlowski does a phenomenal job running that business. But I don't want to sit here now and second guess should we have done it or shouldn't we have done it. Let me just say we're very pleased with how Loews looks today. Listen, I don't want to give a specific number. But let me just say that right now we are not at a level where we are -- where it is economic for us to drill for natural gas. But as I said, we are working to see how we can drill for a cheaper price -- a cheaper cost so that the gas production will be economic. And let me just give you some range. We are -- when I talk about we need higher prices, I'm not talking about $7 or $8 an Mcf, it is substantially lower than that, but it is also higher than where we are today. Supply shrinkage of or utilization of drilling rigs? Yes, you aren't referring to that though -- Yes, yes, we have an equity portfolio of about $500 million to $600 million. We have that because we do want -- we do have expertise in investing in equities and we do think we can do a good job at it combined with the fact that by having the equity portfolio it keeps us closely in touch with the markets and what is going on. But in terms of that being a line of business or an avenue to significant shareholder value growth, I just don't think that is going to be the place. Good to be here. Well, the capital program is just about over. As I said in my comments, Boardwalk had in place a $4.8 billion capital program, that we think that the Company will need to raise less than $500 million and that at least 50%, of that amount that it needs to raise, would be equity. So my sense is that there would not -- there should not be significant pressure on the stock from its need to raise equity over the coming quarters. Beyond that, we have -- we are -- Boardwalk is looking at a few different opportunities that should serve to increase its cash flow but will not require significant amounts of capital in order to be able to do that. So, I don't know -- if you're asking; When will the dividends for Boardwalk accelerate from here? I don't know that I can answer that for you. But I can tell you that there are opportunities for Boardwalk, number one. And number two, the weight of equity offerings has been dramatically mitigated. Say again? No, to my knowledge we've seen nothing like that at all. My understanding is that with respect to the commodities that were written about in the New York Times, it was bulk commodities, typically metals, being delivered back and forth from one warehouse to another for Lord knows what reason. We haul natural gas under contract from one location to another usually distant location based on the orders from our customers. So my strong supposition is that that is dramatically different than what you are seeing in the metals markets. That's correct. I would say to some extent we've seen an uptick in price driven by the master limited partnerships that are trying to buy properties for their MLP's. So there's been a slight uptick in price. Bob, you know us. Our goal is to increase value for Loews' shareholders, and we will do that if we think it creates value for us. So, my guess is if the stock market goes down you will see us buying more stock. If we spend a significant amount of cash you might see us reduce our investment in hedge funds. The hedge funds that we are invested in for the Loews account are -- there are about 12 or 13 different funds that we are invested in. They are all -- those investments were all made with an eye for being able to get our funds back relatively quickly. So to the extent that we were to spend a significant amount of money we might liquidate some of those investments. I think it is a little different. I think what Boone did is, he stated his position based on where his money is. No, we are not seeing significant improvement in the business. It's still sluggish. The most sluggish part is the group business, especially at resort hotels. Because of what's happened in the past year with criticism coming from our elected officials, it is -- corporations now view it almost as taboo to have a meeting at a resort hotel. And there's not much that we can do about that, other than market as aggressively as possible. City hotels are doing marginally better, but overall the business is still, in no way robust nor is it seeming to be moving in that direction. Yes we can. Yes we can. Yes, we can do both. David? Yes. But I would just say that that's been our view for the past several quarters, so it's not new this quarter. And what do you mean by &quot;deleverage&quot;? No. But, you know, I think what's happening, though, is that we are finally able to do these transactions. We are finding that there may be somewhat less competition and we are finding that the prices are more reasonable. So that's why we are willing to step in. No, not particularly. We are in constant communication with them, but you'll know about the changes in our ratings almost simultaneous with us. Okay. Take a vacation. I'm sure there are lots of value opportunities. But I think overall, the markets are priced for perfection. It's just what you get with quantitative easing and just everything being picked over for the past seven years in this bull market that started in March of 2009. So, I don't know that there are -- I don't look at individual stocks or individual industries per se, but I haven't heard of great value opportunities. It happened for a few minutes in February of this year as the bank loan market and the below-investment grade market sold off and in fact, we were able to pick up some gems then, but otherwise I find most investors are not particularly excited about many individual investments and understand that they're all going to do about as well or as poorly as the averages do. Yes, in the back here. I would guess that at this very minute the acquisition market is undergoing a big change. I think that with gas -- with spot gas moving up over $13 an Mcf from probably $5 or $6 in October of '07, that the expectations were very high for what properties could be worth. And then that all ended, I guess, about a month ago and prices have now dropped from over $13. They did get below $9 per spot gas. And the 12-month strip is now trading at about $9.60. So my guess is that the sellers haven't lowered their sites yet, but given another month or two with prices at these levels and we will start to see transactions transactions occur reflective of the economics today for natural gas. The only thing I can say is just as I don't comment about our ownership position in CNA or any of other other subsidiaries or nor do I comment about our share repurchases, I'll just leave our position at Carolina group to speak for itself. We still have a very significant interest in Carolina group valued when you look at the notional debt that we have, combined with the economic interest in Carolina group, I think our value in Carolina group is still about $4 billion which last time I looked is bigger than anybody else's interest. No, please repeat. Well I want to say Christine that neither Loews nor CG are from the world of big option grantors. So my suspicion is that the charge will be less than for most of the companies that you follow. You know, I don't really want to talk about the times that we're precluded and the specific times when we're not. Yes, Andy, we haven't released those yet, so I don't want to put them out now. Chances are they will come out in our 10K. That was one of those transactions that, honest to God, was good for both parties. It was good for Berkshire because Warren wanted to have float and he could deal with the accounting issues of having those liabilities. For CNA, it was beneficial because, number one, it took the focus of investors away from our asbestos and environmental liability. The problem for CNA is we could've kept those liabilities on our books and we could have -- we could've done the equivalent of adding to those reserves each year that which we earned on the investments backing those reserves. But if every year we added $100 million to our asbestos and environmental reserves, the analysts, the rating agencies and the regulators would have started wondering what is wrong with CNA. So Berkshire's balance sheet is big enough to easily accommodate that and from our perspective, we have rid ourselves of the liability and the headache that comes from having to add to those reserves. So, as Marc said on the first quarter earnings conference call, he said that the dividend has priority. So, it will be up to the Board to decide whether they want to repurchase any more shares or not. But the dividend is really first and foremost in their mind. Wait a bit -- run through that one more time. No change. You know, it is a cost of doing business. The project, if it were built -- and I do believe that there will be what we call a wide-range pipeline built from the Marcellus down to Louisiana or Texas -- if it is built, the payoff would have been enormous. And the costs that we incurred were simply the entrance fee in order to be able to put together a serious enough proposal to customers that it is taken seriously. This proposal was taken very seriously. But my guess is that it was a year or two before its time. Well, I think it's all one -- look, the agreement is only tied to completeness of review. If the trial court determines that there's completeness of review, then the agreement, the terms of the agreement are no longer in effect. So whatever aspects that implies, that's what happens. And that would obviously imply that there's no longer a need for a net worth kind of limitation and it would also, the Court would then have to decide how to dispose of the dollars that are being held as part of this agreement. But the essential part here is a determination as to whether or not there's completeness of review. Sometimes the wheels of justice move very slowly. I want to thank Larry and Dean. And now I would like to call up Marty Orlowsky. Marty is the CEO of Lorillard. And as hopefully all of you know, Lorillard is the primary asset that's backing the Carolina Group tracking stock. Marty's going to talk about Lorillard and the state of its' business. I was talking about the economy. The economic outlook is very, very difficult to discern in the next quarter or for the next year. I think you ask a lot of different people, you get a lot of different answers. And now maybe a year ago, we thought there was more clarity. Truth be told, the clarity lead you to the wrong answer. But now at least we're wiser and understand that there's a lot more volatility to the economic outlook than we've anticipated at any time in the recent past. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews had net income of $242 million or $0.62 per share for the first quarter of 2013 as compared to $367 million or $0.92 per share for the same quarter last year. Results for the quarter were impacted by an after-tax ceiling test impairment charge at HighMount of $92 million as compared to an impairment charge of $28 million in the prior year. Absent these charges, which Pete will describe in more detail later in the call, our net income for the quarter would have been $334 million or $0.85 per share in 2013 as compared to $395 million or $0.99 per share in the first quarter of 2012. The decrease in net income for the quarter is due to reduced investment income at Loews and slightly lower earnings at Diamond. Let's take a closer look at the results and progress of each of our subsidiaries starting with CNA. CNA had a good quarter and continued to improve its underwriting performance through risk selection and pricing discipline while generating premium growth. Excluding catastrophes and prior-year development, CNA saw continued improvement in the P&C combined ratio with a year-over-year decrease of just over 1 point and a 2.2 point improvement over the last quarter. Overall, net premium growth for the Company's core P&C operations exceeded 10%. Rate increases contributed to this premium growth averaging 7.7% across P&C operations for the quarter as contrasted to 4% during the first quarter of 2012. The inclusion of Hardy in the first quarter contributed approximately 3 points of CNA's 10% premium growth. While we were pleased with CNA's growth momentum, we expect CNA to remain focused on improving its underwriting margin. As you have heard on recent CNA calls, this margin improvement is expected to come from rate increases, writing profitable new business in target segments, and cycling off of inadequately priced business. Good morning. Well the good news is that I don't have to do a lot of the worrying because a lot of the guys sitting right here are doing the worrying. But the thing that worries me is the state of the business environment that the business environment is very important for us. We're a large multi-industry company that has to deal primarily in the United States and what happens in the environment is very important to us. Beyond that, while we're not an oil company, two of our subsidiaries -- or one of our subsidiaries and our soon to be added subsidiary will be very much affected by the price of oil and natural gas in that pricing on oil and natural gas will drive the drilling business and also will drive our E&P company. So that will be another major factor. And then there are the standard usual concerns for each one of our subsidiaries that we have to deal with the business risk. But we try to build our house out of bricks and we try to manage our businesses as conservatively as possible. So I've often said to investors that when you're talking about leverage, that I like to sleep at night and so we are really as a holding company and each of our subsidiaries are not overleveraged in any way and so that saves us from an awful lot of worrying. We believe that each of our subsidiaries as well as our holding companies can handle an awful lot of bad news and they'll be able to do just fine. It's all of the above I would say. Number one, in terms of the securities markets, especially the fixed income markets, while on the one hand we've seen a significant rally in treasuries, we have seen just about the opposite reaction in all other securities. So that bank loans are down 10 points from where they were a year ago, which is an enormous amount. You see what's going on in the mortgage market, and likewise there's also been significant declines of securities in the high yield and other markets. So we think that this is a time of opportunity, not stress for us, to make investments for our portfolio, that over the intermediate to long term will be very, very attractive. With respect to &quot;acquisitions,&quot; we continue to look and for sure, prices are down today compared to where they were six months and a year ago, but also the outlook for the future is much cloudier now. So we are -- we look at a lot of things, we look very carefully, and for sure, we don't want to put ourselves in a position where we buy something one day and then two weeks later we find it's worth half of what we paid for it. So we're being very careful and -- in our search and we feel there's no need to be in a rush. Which dividend cash flow? Anything is a possibility. Thank you. Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions let me summarize how we think about each one of our businesses. As I said six months ago trouble is opportunity when it comes to the offshore drilling market. The market is certainly challenged but Diamond is positioned to withstand this downturn and hopefully seize opportunities as they arise. You know I don't want to speak for the Board on that. That is an issue that comes up quarterly at the Board and that is really their prerogative. Joan Tisch, what David is referring to is the sale by Joan Tisch in the first quarter and then again in the second quarter two, three blocks of Loews stock. She has said in her prospectus that she has -- currently has no plans to sell additional shares, and additionally she signed a lock-up agreement with the underwriters not to sell any more shares for 180 days. Beyond that, I can't comment simply because I don't know what her plans are. The Tisch family holdings are held by individuals within the Tisch family and each one of them acts according to their own wishes so there's no essential planning. So I can't tell you what she's -- what's going through her mind. So Scott, first of all, it's wonderful to be here. Thank you. Thank you for coming. Scott referred to Loews as a hybrid company. I refer to us as unabashedly a conglomerate. Our goal and what we try to do, what we come in thinking about doing every day when we walk into the office is how do we create value for our shareholders. That is what we try to do. [Could I] have the next slide, please? And there are the legal disclaimers. Next one, thank you. So what we do every day is come in thinking about how to create value and when I think about just what my job is, if I had to pick two words, it would be asset allocator. We have five different businesses and every day I and the senior staff at Loews are constantly thinking about how do we allocate our financial resources, our assets in order to create value for our shareholders and we do that primarily through the value investing principles. That's something that has driven us for the past 50 years and continues to be the principles by which we operate the business. We have four basic themes that drive what we do. First of all, effective capital allocation. We can't create value long term if we are going to make bad investments. So we are very careful about the investments we make and we think long and hard about them. We think about financial strength. We have found that it is much easier to create long-term value from a position of strength rather than a position of weakness. So our goal is to always have a significant amount of cash on our balance sheet and also to have what we consider to be a fortress balance sheet so that we can withstand just about any storm that might come our way. We believe strongly in the need for conservative management that's both operating management as well as financial management, not only for Loews, but as well for our subsidiaries, for a simple reason I like to sleep at night. And it's much easier to sleep at night when you are managing your businesses conservatively rather than on the edge. And then finally, we believe we have great underlying businesses. We have five subsidiaries and each one of them has their own strengths and opportunities that we are trying to capitalize on. When you look at the structure of Loews, it's really very simple. We are, as I said, unabashedly a conglomerate. We are a holding company. No business is conducted out of Loews. Rather they're conducted out of our five subsidiaries. Three of those subsidiaries are public, the three largest subsidiaries. First, there's CNA Financial, which is a major commercial property/casualty insurance company based in Chicago. It's traded on the New York Stock Exchange. It's got a market cap of almost $9 billion and the value of the Loews investment in CNA is worth just about $8 billion. Next, we have Diamond Offshore, which we started to put together in 1989. It's an offshore drilling contractor based in Houston. We own just over 50% of it and it is one of the leaders in its field with 45 offshore drilling rigs that can operate in water depths from 200 feet to 12,000 feet. We have next Boardwalk Pipelines, which is a natural gas -- interstate natural gas pipeline. That's a master limited partnership. Loews has $3.8 billion worth of LP units and also owns 100% of the general partnership. That's a pipeline system that goes from Texas over to Arkansas and from Louisiana up to Ohio. That's just announced a few days ago that it was entering into a joint venture with Williams to move -- to build the project to move natural gas liquids south from the Marcellus Shale down to Louisiana. We have two private subsidiaries that are 100% owned by Loews. First, there is HighMount E&P, which is in the oil and gas exploration and production business. It's based in Houston and its operations are in Sonora, Texas and also Central Oklahoma. And then the business, that's actually our smallest business, but the one that people know us most for is our hotel business, Loews Hotels that has 19 hotels in the United States and Canada. So together, these are our subsidiaries that represent the businesses that we're in. Combined with that, we have cash and investments of $4.7 billion and we have debt of about $1.7 billion. So these businesses are businesses that we've acquired over the years that really form the growth machine of Loews Corporation. Well, there are two things you can do. You can complain about the price of the stock and the value of the stock, or you can do something about it. And there are multiple ways to do something about it. One is as, I guess as you suggest, is to cast some holdings overboard. We're not looking to do that. The other way to deal with that is to buy in shares, and in the past four months, the Company's bought in 4.5 million shares. It's, as I like to say about our share repurchase history, we have a long and glorious history of share repurchases, buying in shares when the stock trades at a discount. Just to get on my soapbox again and provide an advertisement, Loews's stock has appreciated, Loews shareholders for the past 50 years have had a 16% rate of return on their shares, compared to 9% for the S&P 500. So if you had $1 50 years ago and you invested it in the S&P 500, it would be worth about $75 now. On the other hand, that $1, if you had invested it in Loews at 16%, would be worth $1,600 or $1,700. So the appreciation of Loews has been quite extraordinary. And one reason for that has been that we have aggressively bought in the shares. In 1970 we had the equivalent of 1.3 billion shares outstanding, today it's below 430 million. For the life of me, I do not understand why the market values Loews so cheaply. But having said that, I'm not complaining about it. Instead we're buying in the shares and we're using that as an opportunity to create long-term value for all Loews shareholders. Beyond buying in the shares and doing what we're doing, I don't know what else we can do to close that valuation gap. It is a great frustration to me. But also I see it as a great opportunity The cash was about 1.7 billion, and the debt I believe was just -- (multiple speakers) -- yes, 1164 -- under 1.2 billion. No. No, we do not factor in any synergistic opportunities here. Yes. I am glad you did. We don't -- as you know, we don't talk about specific numeric returns on capital that we are looking for or expecting. But there is no doubt that we are hoping to get to higher rates of return. And while we are pleased with the earnings that we've got, we are not pleased with the rates of return. And you can be sure that the management at CNA is working very, very hard to increase those rates. It's $3.9 billion in cash and it was three and one hundred sixty five million in debt. Langen McAlenney, I just want everybody to know that I know the name of your firm. Thank you, Mary, and good morning, everyone. I hope everybody is staying dry and staying safe. As you know by now, Loews reported earnings for the quarter of $177 million or $0.45 per share compared to $162 million or $0.40 per share that Loews earned in the third quarter of 2011. Results for the third quarter of 2012 include impairment charges of $166 million after tax of HighMount related to the carrying value of its producing properties. These charges were the result of declines in natural gas and natural gas liquids prices. Absent the ceiling test impairment charges our quarterly net income would have been $343 million or $0.87 per share. Loews ended the third quarter with $3.8 billion in cash and investments at the holding company level. In the third quarter we spent approximately $88 million buying back about 2.2 million shares of Loews common stock. Our book value per share increased to $50.41 at the end of the third quarter from $47.33 at year-end 2011. Now let's take a closer look at each of our subsidiaries. I don't want to go into a whole dissertation on that. I'll just say that we considered a number of opportunities. But we felt that this one created the, this one was the best value creating opportunity for both Carolina Group shareholders, as well as for Loews shareholders. So, for a Boardwalk to date it hasn't been a significant issue. We've had one or two issues, but it hasn't been so great. We are generally finding that most of our customers are credit-worthy, have investment grade credit rating. And as you said, we're hopeful that we've seeing the low point in terms of credit quality as we've seen natural gas prices going up. Additionally, I should say that E&P companies are only a portion of our customers that a lot of our customers are also end users of natural gas, who have actually benefited from the low natural gas prices. My pleasure. We'll also have to get back to you on that. We would like CNA to pay off the preferred as rapidly as possible. And likewise, CNA would like to do that as well. The issue relates to, earnings that CNA has relates to the credit rating that CNA has, and potentially improvements in that credit rating. And the availability of the financial markets to CNA. But we have no specific timetable for that. You know, if CNA weren't public, I think that Loews shareholders would demand that it be public. Being public offers a lot of benefits to CNA, so we actually like the fact that it is public. It gives us a barometer on how CNA is doing, and it helps all Loews shareholders to value CNA as well. Beyond that, whether the float is 10% or 5% or 20%, I don't think it is worthwhile for me to comment. The debt we bought back was -- it matured. I would just tell you that it's a large institutional investor that wants to have exposure to not only Real Estate but the hotel market, but I don't want to go into what the economics of the transaction are. There really isn't that much difference. Our after-tax cash-on-cash returns assume a level of maintenance CapEx for Gulf South, as well as we did for Texas Gas. But at this point in time, I would prefer not to disclose those items. My pleasure. Yes. Yes, that was a $1.25 billion preferred stock, with a 10% coupon. We would like CNA to be able to pay that back as soon as possible. But before CNA can pay that back, they have to get their ratings into better shape. It's -- first of all, statistically, CNA, we believe CNA should be one or two notches -- rated higher by one or two notches. And we believe that the combination of the good reserving at CNA as shown by the tenth consecutive quarter of releasing reserves, as well as the strong management team should begin to get the rating agencies to move. Combined with that is that accumulated earnings over the coming quarters should also substantially boost property and casualty companies statutory surplus. So at some point in time, and I don't know exactly when it is, and I won't put a date on it, at some point in time, CNA should be able to begin paying down that preferred and ultimately it should all be repaid. You know, not really. Not that would make a significant difference. Actually, we actually took back shares of CNA in return for our CNA preferred shares. You know, I let our Loews share purchases stand on their own. We are looking to grow Loews Hotels. We are looking to do it in what I would call an asset-light manner in that we would like to own 25% to 50% of the properties that we acquire with investors owning the other 50% to 75%. We would like to build the hotel chain into one where hotel owners would want us to manage the hotel without actually owning it. In terms of earnings and EBITDA, we would be looking for that to grow and we are looking to take the hotel company from an enterprise that has been rather stable over the past decade or so to one that has got growth in its future. Let me try to understand what you are saying. (multiple speakers) Go ahead. Yes, we can. I am very concerned, and in fact I find it actually quite extraordinary that we find ourselves with attractive investment opportunities at the subsidiary level in view of just how poorly I think the US economy and the global economy is doing. I think that's driven by the fact that each one of our individual businesses has been able to find attractive bolt-on acquisitions that we hope will generate very attractive returns for us. But in the United States, we have got 1.5% economic growth. The Eurozone is not growing. The emerging markets are not emerging as fast as they had been before. And nobody -- you don't see anybody really expressing optimism about what's going on in the economy either here in the United States or overseas. So for a whole host of reasons, I don't see growth picking up anytime soon but having said that, I'm very pleased with the opportunities that we are seeing in our individual businesses. Yes, very modest. I'm going to let you do those benchmark valuations yourself. I don't want to be citing who I think are our peers in this business. In terms of dividends, that is an issue that, obviously, is entirely up to the Board of Directors. As you know, historically, Loews has not been a company that pays out a high percentage of its net income in the form of dividends, but instead we've used the cash in order to, number one, repurchase our shares, and number two, make acquisitions. Just to remind you of our long and glorious history of share repurchases, today we have outstanding about one third of the number of shares that were outstanding in 1970. It is my belief that the significant outperformance of Loews versus the S&P 500 over those years was due significantly to the share repurchases that took place over that time period. That is all a long way of saying that it is in our DNA to use the Loews cash very selectively in order to increase asset values. In my mind, whether the Company pays a dividend or -- a higher dividend or a lower dividend, the value will be reflected in the shares of the stock. So to the extent that you'd want the Company to pay a higher dividend and it's not paying it, then by selling off 1% or 2% of your shares every year, you should be able to achieve the same economics as if the Company had paid a higher dividend. So the only place generally where there has been is direct head-to-head competition of natural gas and oil is in transportation fuels. But when you look at the energy mix of the US economy, you see that oil has come down and natural gas has gone up. The place where natural gas has taken very significant market share over the past several years has been in power production and their natural gas has taken market share from coal. The other thing that has happened is that oil consumption has declined -- steadily declined in the United States since about 2007 and the reason for that is either improved miles per gallon on cars or flat -- or miles driven not increasing so dramatically. But it hasn't really been so much gas on oil competition. Let me try to understand what you are saying. (multiple speakers) Go ahead. Yes, we had some investments in bread and butter S&P 500 stocks but we also had some investments in gold and mining shares and those penalized the total return for the quarter. There is nothing that really grabs me right now. I was thinking the other day -- Josh previously mentioned the Jim Tisch $5 million test. And I was -- separate and apart from Josh, the other day I was thinking back to the early 1980s when we got into supertankers and when we were able to buy seven- or eight-year-old supertankers that had cost $15 million apiece when we were able to buy them for $5 million apiece. The difference then and now is that the financial markets and the investment markets are dramatically more crowded. When we bought supertankers there was nobody else looking at buying supertankers. And I contrast that to today where a few years ago when supertankers or shipping took just a little dip, there were lots and lots of investors, asset managers looking to go into the market. So the main thing that I see right now is very crowded investment markets. Meaning that most of the things that we see are either fully priced or fairly priced. That is the situation today. There isn't an enormous amount of fear. There is a sense that growth will generally continue. And there is just a lot of money coming into investment managers. No. But, you know, I think what's happening, though, is that we are finally able to do these transactions. We are finding that there may be somewhat less competition and we are finding that the prices are more reasonable. So that's why we are willing to step in. Yes, we will. Funding what ourselves? And ideally, what will happen is drop-downs are very common in the MLP space. We would hope and expect that over the coming years, as Boardwalk is able to finance it, we will -- Loews or the JV will sell interest in Petal and Hattiesburg to Boardwalk, so that the ultimate goal is that this will be 100% owned by Boardwalk. I think it's all of the above. We need to fill out our portfolio in a number of key gateway cities, and we are looking at that. We're looking to do that both through owned properties, through joint venture properties and also through management deals. So we are and have been for the past few quarters and will be for the next several quarters reevaluating our growth strategy and then actually implementing it. Well the individual operating subsidiaries are all doing very well. So the goal right there is for them to continue doing well and for them to maximize their opportunities within the context of their markets. And I think they are all doing that well. CNA has embarked on generating strong consistent earnings, good return on equity and generating excess cash flow so that they can return it to the parent. Diamond Offshore is looking to extend its contracts so that it will have a strong backlog of revenues and earnings for Loews for years to come. At Lorillard, Marty is doing what he has always been doing, which is managing the business with an eye to both the current year and also an eye to maintaining the business in a strong mode for the intermediate to long term. And at Boardwalk, they are managing the business which we thought was going to be a quiet and staid business. They are managing the business for significant organic growth that should be visible over -- and come on to our books over the next two years as the projects are developed. So, from the Loews perspective, what we are doing is, number one, we are monitoring very carefully what goes on at the subsidiaries. We are very active and involved in their capital structure, capital raising, and they're strategic plans. So those all have been, in essence, ratified by us, as have their capital plans. And then the other thing that we are doing at Loews is trying to figure out how to allocate the $5.5 billion that we have in our corporate treasury. We bought in $300 million worth of stock during the quarter on the theory that this -- we were able to purchase the stock at a significant discount to the sum of the part's value. We continue to look for other businesses to buy, but as you can see from the lack of press releases coming from us, we haven't found anything yet. But we do continue to look, and figure that at some point in time we will be able to buy something that would be value additive to the Company. Thank you, and good morning, and welcome to the 2007 Loews Corporation Investor Meeting. Our goal this morning is very simple, to help you understand Loews, what we are, how we are structured and what we are trying to accomplish on behalf of all of our shareholders. So, what is Loews? You should think of Loews as a 21st century version of the old fashioned conglomerate. Yes that's right, we are unabashedly a conglomerate. Four publicly traded businesses, two wholly owned businesses and soon to be a third, periodic acquisitions, a large portfolio of cash and investments, a substantial balance sheet capacity, and a willingness to manage all of these resources to create value with a long-term track record that very few publicly traded companies have been able to equal. Operating of the conglomerate gives us advantages that other structures or models just don't possess. In fact, we think of Loews as having a conglomerate advantage. We have the freedom and flexibility to make acquisitions across the broad spectrum of industries. We provide investors with tremendous transparency by having publicly traded subsidiaries and extensive disclosure. We have diverse sources of cash flow and earnings and our investment time horizon is dictated by us alone. No one has legislated that we remain a conglomerate, yet we choose to continue being a conglomerate or, perhaps more elegantly, a diversified holding company, because it is a business model that has worked well for us and we strongly believe it enables us to create superior long-term value for the holders of Loews common stocks. We have many strategic and financial arrows in our quiver, along with a willingness and ability to manage them to build shareholder value over the long term. We try not to let ourselves get distracted by competing objectives. Each and every day our thoughts and actions are focused on achieving superior long-term price appreciation for holders of Loews common stock. We are philosophically, tactically and perhaps genetically value investors. The holding company structure is perfectly suited to this value orientation, as it gives us the freedom and the flexibility to acquire and own businesses solely on the premise that they will create value for our shareholders. If we buy solid and durable companies at attractive prices, our shareholders will benefit. Our holding company structure and value orientation have withstood the test of time, and as you can see, our share price performance over the past 25 years speaks for itself. No matter what time horizon, one year, five years, ten years and more, Loews investors have likely beaten the market handsomely. Loews common stock has appreciated at a 17% compound annual rate over the past 25 years, versus 11% for the S&P 500 index. When setting the strategic course for Loews, we never lose sight of the longer term horizon. Despite our long-term success, we frequently hear from investors and analysts that Loews is complex and tough to understand. We also hear that Loews simply doesn't fit into any pre-existing industry category. Today we hope to dispel any notion that Loews is complex, with complex in this case being used as a pejorative term. We are certainly guilty of having subsidiaries in disparate industries, and if that means we don't fit into some pre-existing analytical category, then so be it. But our structure is in fact simple not complex, our disclosure makes you transparent certainly not opaque, and our business mix makes you diversified not a misfit. So while it's undeniable that Loews is not a pure play on any one industry, let me assure you that we will continue to manage Loews as a pure play on long-term value creation. We are a holding company with six subsidiaries, three of which are public and thus SEC filers, and one of which is readily understood and valued through our Carolina Group Stock. We have substantial holding company cash and investments which are conservatively invested while awaiting deployment in acquisitions and share repurchases. Our two subsidiaries that aren't publicly traded are fairly small relative to the value of the publicly traded pieces. So rather than being complex or obscure, we believe our structure is simple and our disclosure transparent. And our ownership structure is pretty straightforward too. Much has been written of late about family-controlled companies and two classes of stock. At Loews we have a single class of Loews common stock. We're all in this boat together. While members of the Tisch family continue to hold significant stakes in the company, the stock the family members hold is Loews common stock, period. Management doesn't serve conflicting stakeholders as is the case at some companies. Loews's Corporate Governance is first rate and the same holds true for our public subsidiaries. As I stated earlier, we believe our corporate structure and value orientation are ideal for building long-term value. Let me take a moment to highlight the three key levers that we wield at the holding company level to create value. Lever number one, optimizing the performance and structure of our subsidiaries. Lever number two, pursuing acquisitions and other significant investments. And lever number three, repurchasing stock and other corporate finance actions. I'll address each one of those individually. Lever number one, optimizing the performance and structure of our subsidiaries. Let me start by reminding you yet again that what we do not do and that is we do not manage our subsidiaries on a day-to-day basis. Each of our subsidiaries is headed by an experienced and talented Chief Executive, supported by a capable management team. You will hear from four of our six Chief Executives later on this morning. As an aside and to illustrate the point that we rely on our subsidiary management team, we avoid acquiring businesses that lack first rate leadership. For example, we would not have pursued the acquisition of the natural gas exploration and production asset from the Dominion Resources if Tim Parker and his team hadn't agreed to join us. As the holding company CEO, my role is to monitor closely the operational and financial performance of each of our subsidiaries. Importantly, my role is not to micro manage our CEOs, but rather to ensure that each subsidiary Chief Executive thinks about risk versus reward, and short-term versus long-term trade-offs in the same way that we do. At Loews we make decisions that benefit our shareholders over the long term. From a risk reward perspective, we focus far more on what could go wrong than on how tall the trees might grow. At Loews we are paid to worry and want our subsidiary CEOs to adopt the exact same mind set. While our subsidiary Executive Teams make the daily decisions about their businesses, including those concerning operating issues, product and service offerings, marketing programs and long-range plans, we do get involved in making major strategic and capital allocation decisions. We provide counsel on significant capital and strategic initiatives, but we leave it to the subsidiaries to determine and implement the policy. Instead of just discussing theory, let's highlight a tangible example of the Loews Holding Company creating value through its subsidiary. I think the best recent illustration of that is Boardwalk Pipeline Partners. Most of you already know the story. We bought Texas Gas from Williams in mid '03 for 7.5 times EBITDA, and then 18 months later, we paid, as I like to say, full retail to acquire Gulf South from Entergy-Koch at just over ten times EBITDA. Sensing that we could achieve operational synergies between the two pipeline systems fit together so well geographically, we combined the two companies under the Boardwalk umbrella. Subsequently we identified the opportunity to structure Boardwalk as a Master Limited Partnership and sell LP units to the public, which gave Boardwalk a significantly less expensive cost of capital to self fund its organic growth. In the meantime, Boardwalk has done a remarkable job of securing expansion projects to propel its future growth. Boardwalk stock price performance speaks for itself. The value of Loews' LP and subordinated units has risen from $1.7 billion at the time of the IPO, to $3 billion today. That's on top of the $1 billion original equity investment that we made in those two companies. What may be less well understood by some are the economics of our general partner interest in Boardwalk. As Boardwalk's general partner, we hold incentive distribution rights which entitle Loews to receive an increasing percentage of the partnerships, quarterly cash distribution as these distributions rise. This is a structure common to pipeline MLPs. To avoid spending more time on the specifics, suffice it to say that as Boardwalk's quarterly distributions increase, the cash flow to Loews increases disproportionately. This leads me to a simple observation. Given Boardwalk's success in increasing its cash distribution per unit each quarter since going public, cash flow to the general partner has risen, and will continue to rise should Boardwalk further increase its quarterly cash distributions per unit. I would submit to you that Boardwalk is a textbook example of how we endeavor to work with and structure our subsidiaries to create value for all Loews shareholders. Let's talk about lever number two, pursuing acquisitions and other significant investments. Our second value lever, one that we demonstrated just last week, is our disciplined, value oriented acquisition strategy. We continually seek out opportunities to acquire companies or assets that will provide us with superior risk adjusted returns. While Loews is a 21st century conglomerate, we have a distinctly old fashioned, value oriented approach to acquisitions. We have the freedom and the flexibility to pursue acquisitions wherever value lurks, regardless of the industry or the form of value creation. In other words, and at the risk of disappointing those of you seeking specific guidance, we have no carved in stone financial parameters and no preconceived favorite target industries. Value creation can come from buying under valued assets or cash flow, it can come from financial structuring or from providing management with grown capital, or it can come with some combination of the two. Supply shrinkage of or utilization of drilling rigs? I didn't say that entirely, but what I am saying is that when we look at the operating income that we're able to earn from the rigs compared to the value that we might conceivably be able to sell them for -- especially after we take into account any tax that the Company might have to pay on such a sale, that the arithmetic to us is pretty simple and we don't want to sell our fleet. Or swaps. Our general view is that we'd like to hedge some of the production of this company, not necessarily all of it. But we view that by hedging, it's really a very conservative and prudent way to go to lock in some of -- to lock in this level of gas prices and lock in some level of earnings and cash flow for the company. My pleasure. Yes, there's some modest seasonality but we also have a pretty balanced portfolio so that when city hotels may not be doing well then for example over Christmas then resort hotels do do well. But overall there isn't dramatic seasonality to the business. In a word, no, it's not for sale. Never is a word that I rarely use. It's pretty much. We do have some equities and we do have -- we've tip-toed out the yield curve maybe to the 2-year assessment, but that's about it. And Bob, going back, we show on our -- Right. Well, no, no, no. When I talk about shale I'm talking about land drilling. We don't have anything on our plate right now but as I've said many times before, the fact that we had cash on our balance sheet, gave us the ability to buy diamond offshore. Gave us the ability to buy Texas gas. Gave us the ability to buy gulf south. Gave us the ability to go into tankers, into Bulova Watch, our whole Modius Operandi is to work from a strong and conservative balance sheet and use our cash at times when we feel we can create extraordinary value for our shareholders. Bob, we bought rigs, we also bought stock and we did lots and lots of upgrades. Even now, though, we are buying some rigs and upgrading. We have two semi submersibles in the shipyard for major upgrades that total about $550 million. And we also have on order two new jack upgrades totaling -- the cost of those total $300 million. So the Company -- Diamond Offshore still has a significant exposure to the business and is very comfortable with its position in the business. We believe that the upgrades will be very economic. They cost between 250 and $300 million. If you wanted to order a similar rig today it would cost about $600 million. And likewise for our jack upgrades that we have on order for $150 million a piece. My guess is that if we wanted to today we could probably sell those for a significant profit over what we've committed to pay for them. Loews is very comfortable owning its share of -- its interest in Carolina Group. Right now we have a 46% share. I was looking back over some numbers. That interest that Loews has now is greater than the market value of our interest in Carolina Group when it first went public. I think it's all of the above. We need to fill out our portfolio in a number of key gateway cities, and we are looking at that. We're looking to do that both through owned properties, through joint venture properties and also through management deals. So we are and have been for the past few quarters and will be for the next several quarters reevaluating our growth strategy and then actually implementing it. Motamed. Yes, so one other thing I should add. The share price declines of both Diamond as well as Boardwalk were nothing short of spectacular. So two out of three of our subsidiaries had very bad share price performance during the third quarter and as I said at the outset, that was the elephant in the room and I wanted to address it. So, apparently this morning Ensco announced that it was going to buy Pride for -- using a combination of cash and stock. And they -- according to the release that I saw, they will now become the second largest offshore drilling rig operator in the world. I've been involved in this industry for over 20 years, and I've seen lots of mergers and conglomerations. And this is the one industry where I can very firmly say that if you are at least of a minimum size, that you can compete with the biggest rig owners out there, and for sure, Diamond Offshore qualifies as having enough scale in order to be able to compete. When you look at the release, it says they anticipate about $50 million of savings by putting the two companies together. Now, on the one hand, $50 million is a lot of money, but on the other hand, in the context of the size and scope of the transaction, I think it's about a $7.5 billion transaction, the notion that you're getting $50 million of synergy makes it plain that the reason for the transaction was not to gain those synergies. No, I don't know what Wells Fargo did. It much more affects us in the management of the portfolio than the underwriting of insurance products. Tom Motamed is not at CNA to do cash flow underwriting. We are there to be in the top quartile of underwriters and to achieve combined ratios commensurate with that. So we are looking to generate significant underwriting income at CNA. Judy, I would just say that if you take a long-term view of history, meaning over the past five or 10 years, I don't think that '07 was outside the norm at all. There are times when our volumes are up a bit. There are times when they're down a bit. For '07 our volumes were down less than 1%, so I don't know that that calls for a whole sale change in strategy. We do not have too much in the bond market. We are generally bearish on bonds and we think that equities could do reasonably well. We also have a number of gold stocks that did not perform well in the quarter. Pete's answer is for Loews, the parent company, and does not necessarily include the subsidiaries. Michael you have been on that kick I see. Listen I don't know where you came up with the idea that we weren't going to sell the hotel business or take it public, but there is an awful lot that goes into any decision to take a company public or to sell it. There are size questions. There are lots of tax questions and there are questions as to simply whether strategically even if all those factors are appropriate, whether it makes sense at any given point in time. And notwithstanding what you have written at this point in time we just don't see the benefit of monetizing our hotel interests. That's something that we haven't looked at. No, no. It can go to repay debt. It can go to increase the dividend. It can stay in the $150m bank or it could be used to repurchase shares. We look at what's available to buy. A lot of the assets that the companies that become available to buy especially in the strike zone that we're looking at are owned by private equity firms. Those companies, those firms have the ability to time when they want to sell their assets. So one would think that right now prices of companies that private equity firms might want to sell are coming down because the financing markets have become so much more expensive. But in fact what we're seeing is not too much that's on the market, in fact because now is not a particularly attractive time to be selling those businesses. If the financial markets that we have today continue for another several quarters, then it's entirely possible that we could see assets that come on the market that could be attractively priced. On an adjusted -- when you say adjusted basis, what do you mean? I would say things are getting somewhat better. Somewhat better is in between marginally better and a lot better. We have seen average room rates increase somewhat. We have seen pretty good occupancy, and that has come about generally from the transient traveler,as opposed to the group traveler. We are starting to see some signs of life again from the group travelers. If you remember, the group travel business was pretty much killed off in 2008 as people in Washington were criticizing AIG and others -- AIG and Citibank and others, for having group meetings. As I said, that is now coming back, but it is nowhere near where it was. When we look at RevPAR, which is the revenue per available room, we see that it has improved versus its low, but it is still about 20% below the levels that it achieved in 2007. So there is still plenty of room for improvement. We provide that in our annual report. No. It depends on the sector. We don't limit ourselves just to energy. But we just haven't happened to have found the thing that makes the most sense to us yet. We like to think of ourselves as very patient investors. Just because we have cash on the balance sheet, does not mean we feel that we have to use it and we've gone many times for a long period of time, sometimes a decade, before using that cash. So I would make nothing of the fact that we haven't done anything this quarter. It is where -- we -- I would describe our trading style as aggressively conservative. We keep a lot of cash on the balance sheet, but we do, from time to time. make foray into the, primarily into the U.S. Treasury market where we may buy securities as long as 10 years. When you own something like a 10 year note, not only are we able to earn the interest of close to 5.75%, But we do take advantage when we can finance them at an attractive yield and pick up yet more yield. There is also some capital gains on those transactions, as well as we have a portfolio of common stocks of about 5 to $600 million during the course of the quarter. Okay. Our intention is to always maintain our conservative investment strategy. That's just the way we invest, and we're always looking for something to acquire, but if the right thing doesn't turn up, then we'll just continue, we're happy to continue holding our cash and doing what we've been doing. I'm sorry, 2925. But, so, if intermediate rates were to go up you could expect a decline in CNA's book value and Loews' book value. I don't want to characterize the rates of return that we think we're going to earn. We are a Company that goes about our business. We have a sense of what the value that we bought. But we don't want to put ourselves in a position where we're making projections and estimates for investors, because that can only come back to haunt the Company in one way or another. Are you looking for Loews consolidated? Bob, you know that we don't comment on our share repurchases, so I just won't say anything about that now. Let me just add that Lorillard, as well as all of our other subsidiaries, operate on a truly stand-alone basis. So moving from being a subsidiary of Loews to an independent company, while it will require some minor increases in overhead, is not for Lorillard a major step to take. We absolutely, positively intend to hold it long term. We think that -- we have been long-term holders of CNA as generally we are long-term holders of all of our subsidiaries. That's number one. Number two, I believe that we have a terrific management team in place and we have -- not just in terms of the CEO leadership, but also in terms of the entire senior staff. So I think that CNA is really poised for growth. Additionally, we're coming off of three or four or five years of price declines in the insurance industry, and I believe that at some point hopefully in the not-too-distant future, we're going to see price increases. And in fact, in our commercial insurance line, for the past five quarters, we've had price increases. So, I think CNA is poised for growth. It trades at a very low -- a very big discount to its book value. It -- in terms of its financial strength, it has the strength of a company that would be AA-rated by some of the rating agencies. So, we are very pleased with CNA. We are long-term holders, and I'm looking forward to many years of good earnings from the company. It is where -- we -- I would describe our trading style as aggressively conservative. We keep a lot of cash on the balance sheet, but we do, from time to time. make foray into the, primarily into the U.S. Treasury market where we may buy securities as long as 10 years. When you own something like a 10 year note, not only are we able to earn the interest of close to 5.75%, But we do take advantage when we can finance them at an attractive yield and pick up yet more yield. There is also some capital gains on those transactions, as well as we have a portfolio of common stocks of about 5 to $600 million during the course of the quarter. Yes, we can. Now we can. If he's there, we can't hear him. The notional debt I think is $975 million. Good morning. When you say recent investment moves, what are you talking about specifically? Loews was not invested in the subprime space, and we have not traded in it, leaving that opportunity entirely to CNA. It is never too late to start, Philippe. Yes, I think so. I can't speak for the Board because I wasn't at the meeting but -- where they decided to do this, but I wholly support the decision. Look, the Board had two different routes that they could go. They could stress and strain and to continue to pay the dividend or pay a slightly reduced dividend, knowing that they would have to then go into the equity markets to raise capital in order to make investments in growth projects. And I think what the Board saw is that there could be very, very significant dilution to the existing shareholders. So the Board decided instead to go the route of significantly cutting the dividend so that -- the distribution -- so that the Company could make those accretive investments without any dilution to unitholders. And I would say that the hope and expectation is that in the future, the distribution will be able to be increased to levels that approach the historic levels that they have been at. This is all based on the Board's view of the business outlook and the changes that take place within the natural gas pipeline business. Yes, well, it's not actually the incoming President. It's the sitting Congress and Senate. And just to -- I told Bob what had happened earlier today. Let me tell all of you and let you in on the secret. So AIG had a conference. I'm sure that they booked before the Government gave them their loan. And I'm sure they had a big deposit that they would have lost if they were to cancel the conference. And the conference was for, as I understand it, producers, sort of a rewards type of conference. But the political flak that they got was so great that they then subsequently cancelled another conference. Well, we had booked at one of our hotels, a conference from a large financial institution and soon after they booked it, and they saw the noise coming from the AIG conference, they turned around and cancelled that one. So my point is that sometimes congressmen, senators and politicians don't understand that their words apply not only to the particular instance that they're talking about, but also to other things as well. And so as a result of those words from Washington, the politicians have done a pretty good job of undermining portions of the Hotel business, having said that, as we say, this too shall pass. The Hotel business, for us, has held up until now. My guess is that moving forward, it is going to be much more difficult. We see negative economic growth upon us. And that obviously is not good for either occupancy rates or room revenue. But we also think that this will be -- this will present opportunities for us to possibly grow our business. As you know, over the years, we have not bought many hotel properties. And the reason for that is that we were outbid by others who had what I would say some non-economic thoughts in their mind. My comment about owning a luxury hotel property is that it was seen by a lot of people as the next best thing if you couldn't own the local football team. It's good to have the local hotel in town. Well my guess is that in the coming years, I foresee a, what I call a slow motion train wreck, in commercial property values. And I wouldn't be surprised at all that, that slow motion train wreck also affects hotel properties, so that I can foresee hotel properties coming down. And we've got our antennae up and we're looking carefully to see if there are any opportunities that it makes sense for us to take advantage of. You know, WTI is currently at about $59 a barrel. Brent is $66 a barrel. Yes, very modest. You know me, I never rule anything out. I really don't want to respond to it. No, you're exactly right. Number one in terms of the operations of the hotel -- they have been focused on cutting costs dramatically, so in an attempt to improve the operating margins. And in fact, occupancy is doing very well, or reasonably well. The real problem is average room rate, which is down, depending upon the property, anywhere between 20% and 35%. And so that's causing the decline in RevPAR. The good news is that it's not just happening to us, that this is an industry-wide phenomenon. I'm sure you've read in the newspapers of certain hotels being taken back by the mortgage holders. So it's my guess that at some point in time, we are going to see a significant number of hotels hit the market for sale and we will view that as an opportunity to acquire some properties at attractive prices. For the past 10 or 15 years, at least, hotels have traded at real premium prices. And I've said that they are the equivalent of the poor man's football team. If you can't own the football team in town, you might as well own the best hotel. And as a result, as I said, they have traded at very steep prices. It's my expectation that in the coming quarters, we will see hotels that can be acquired at more attractive prices. So, I am glad you asked about five years instead of six months or one year. Because five years I think I might actually be able to give you a thoughtful answer. And I would see that five years from now oil prices will be at least 50% higher than they currently are. That in order to find a barrel of oil today it probably costs a minimum of $70 a barrel to get that marginal barrel of oil that is needed. My guess is five years from now it will be a bit higher than that. And I think what has to happen is the world has -- the world oil producers have to supply the 1 million barrels of growth plus approximately 5 million barrels to replace the depletion from the world's productive capacity. So that 6 million barrels a day has to be found every year for the next five years or about 30 million barrels of new production. In order for the world to be able to produce that, even with Iran coming back onto the market in the not-too-distant future, I think it will take significantly higher oil prices. And five years from now I think it is certainly reasonable to think that the price will be $70, 75 or $80 a barrel. That doesn't account for another wildcard, which is political instability. A lot of oil comes from the Middle East and we haven't -- while we have political instability in the Middle East in certain places, we don't currently have that -- having a significant effect on oil production. But in the future, as we all know, anything can happen. Our investment mix is pretty much in cash. We have, as you know, about $3 billion in cash and investment assets and we have under $500 million in common stock. I would say that the big reason for the increase in the investment income is probably due simply to the increase in short-term interest rates. Rates have gone up -- probably last year they were at -- probably at about 2% and this year they're at 4.75. Increased interest rates make all the difference in the world. By and large the fixed-income investments in that portfolio have been kept pretty short. I would say a handful of hotels. I think that we've done -- over the past four or five years, we've covered a lot of the map with Boston, Washington, Chicago -- we have two -- Minneapolis and San Francisco. So we've come a long way. There are other cities that we'd like to be in. We are moving forward on plans to develop some hotels and we are looking to acquire others. So there is still room to go, but we are hard at work on it. Okay. So, first item is the CEO search. I would say that we had -- the Board of Diamond has not been asleep at the switch. They have been moving with, I will say, great dispatch in the search for a CEO and we are hopeful that there can be an announcement from Diamond in the near future on that score. With respect to the offshore, the rate for rigs in the offshore drilling market, I truly don't know which way day rates are going to go. It is a very complicated mosaic where you have got oil companies that contract with us that feel pressure on their cash flow to make capital investments. They also feel pressure to increase their oil and gas production. There are new rigs coming into the market. There is an awful lot going on. The thing that I know is that that means for Diamond is that there could be lots and lots of opportunities. There could be opportunities to buy rigs in the markets because Diamond is financially the strongest competitor in the industry. There are some competitors that are highly levered. There are some that, to us, seem to have really extended themselves in terms of their capital commitments. So there could be lots of opportunities to create long-term value. And what Diamond does is that they watch carefully what is going on around them and they, like Loews, look to build long-term value in whichever way they can. And they are willing to use their balance sheets in order to do that. There's a lot to be worried about in the world. But I also think that those of us that are on Wall Street can sometimes be overwhelmed by the problems that we see on the horizon and I think from time to time it's important to step back, take off your Wall Street glasses and put on industrial America glasses. And I think things don't look as bad when you look with that lens. So we're constantly looking for things to invest in, and right now, in terms of what people might refer to as the sixth leg to the Loews stool, we don't really see anything. We're always kicking tires, but we don't see a lot of opportunities out there. And as I mentioned, we've got to compete with LBO firms who have a lot of capital to deploy and other potential buyers, so -- I'd like to buy something, but I certainly don't want to get caught up in the frenzy of doing a deal for the sake of doing a deal just because we happen to have the cash on our balance sheet. We're happy to deploy our cash within some of our subsidiaries that may have the opportunity to invest capital at attractive returns. And as I said on our conference call in the first quarter, in fact that's exactly what we're looking to do at a place like HighMount where we think that we can be able over the next year or two to make what I would call bite-size acquisitions of reserves or acreage that can be then exploited by HighMount at what we would anticipate would be very attractive after-tax returns for HighMount and for all those shareholders. Short of that, as I've said, we have been known to repurchase our shares, and I've also said on more than a few occasions that I like to think of ourselves as having asbestos-lined pockets, that money doesn't burn a hole in it, and if we don't find something to do, then we're happy just to sit on our hands. One of my sayings, again, that I've said more than a few times is if there's nothing to do, do nothing. And I try to follow that all the time. It would take approval of the Board of Directors and it will also take at least an improvement in the ratings profile of CNA. Well, if you want to be pessimistic, then don't send your cards and letters. If you want a chance at changing it, then let your voice be heard because my guess is that a lot of (inaudible) are expressing their opinions loud and clear to the FASB. But, investment professionals who are actually responsible for managing money and doing serious published investment analysis are not being heard. And those are the people that really need to communicate with the FASB. I mentioned, for example, the Haynesville, that producers are saying that they are not going to start drilling again till they get to $4.00 to $4.50 natural gas prices. That is just one particular area; but some shales are a bit higher, some shales are a bit lower. So, it is an interesting question, but I can't give you an exact answer. Because in fact I can't tell you right now what is the market day rate for say a new fifth or sixth generation drill ship. There haven't been any fixtures recently. My guess is it is between $300,000 and $400,000 a day, but it is really difficult to say. What I would say is that in an environment of oil prices that are, number one, $30 higher than they are today and, number two, where the volatility has -- or much of the volatility has left the oil market, in that environment I could see that day rates would we higher than they are today. These assets cost about $600 million to build and in order for someone to buy -- to order a new one they have to get a return on their investment that makes it worthwhile for them to take that risk. So my guess is that for someone to order a new rig they would need to anticipate that they could earn say $100 million -- at least $100 million on that investment. $100 million is about $250,000 to $300,000 a day that has to be earned. You pile on top of that the daily operating costs of approximately $200,000 and what you see is that before anybody is going to go out and order a new rig they have to be pretty sure that they are going to be able to earn between $450,000 and $500,000 a day on that asset. And my expectation is that we are not going to be seeing significant new construction for a long time until we do get to that place where pricing is at what I would call replacement price levels. Thank you. Thanks. Never is a word that I rarely use. The thing that we keep talking about is how we are focused on creating long-term value for all of our shareholders. That really is what drives us every day in what we do. There are -- we try not to have any bias in our analysis of opportunities. We just try to look for the transactions that will create the most value for all our shareowners. We find that as we start to explore and get knowledgeable about different transactions, we tend to figure out what really is the best way to execute them in order to create that value. So it is just a long process, a lot of hard work, study, and diligence. We are unabashedly a conglomerate. When I wake up every morning, the thing I think about is how do we create value for all the Loews' shareholders. And we have lots of different levers to pull in order to create value. First of all, we have five subsidiaries. We have CNA Insurance, which we on 90% off, commercial property/casualty insurance based in Chicago. We have three energy subsidiaries. We own just over 50% of Diamond Offshore, which is an offshore drilling contractor based in Houston. We own 100% of HighMount E&P, which is a domestic exploration and production company and we own the master limited partnership and about 60% of the limited partnership interest in Boardwalk Pipeline, which is an interstate natural gas transmission company. And then we also have one more company, Loews Hotels, that we own 100% of as well. So we are constantly thinking about how do we create value and we do that in a number of ways. We do it by investing in our subsidiaries. We do it by buying new businesses. We do it by repurchasing our shares and over the past 40 years, our share count has gone from over 1.3 billion shares to under 400 million shares. So we repurchase our shares and we provide strategic counseling to our subsidiaries so that we make sure that the subsidiaries are as focused on creating long-term value as we are at the holding company. Yes, hold on one second. We have hedged 70% of our volume at -- this year, the hedge for our '08 -- for all of our '08 hedges, going back from the beginning when we started hedging, so that goes back into '07 is $8.42. And for our '09 hedges the average price is about $9.05. And at the end of the day, we anticipate that Lorillard will pay the same amount that Altria and Reynolds American pays, so at some point in the future, you would expect the accounting for each of these three companies to be the same. The problem now is that each management has to make an estimate of what they think the actual liability will be, or whether in fact there is any liability at all. So, you see -- what you see are three different estimates from three different companies. Well, as you know, we're constantly trying to expand the brand in both cities and resorts. We've already got a number of resort properties, five of them in Florida, and then a few others scouted around the country, and Las Vegas is the latest resort property. For those that are going to head to the strip looking for the Loews Hotel you're not going to find it on the strip, you'll find it about 30 minutes away in a place called Lake Las Vegas that can give people that want to go to Las Vegas access to the city without actually being there. Are there constraints? No. But like I said, there are lots of things that we take into consideration in thinking about share repurchases and other investments by Loews. Which dividend cash flow? I don't want to go into that. I don't want to talk about individual securities. Marty, would you like to get that information and call back later? The assumed debt is about, I think it's about seven percent. There are two issues, one of $100m, and the other issue that matures a year from now of $150m. And as for the new debt that we issue we haven't spoken about that so I'd prefer not to jump the gun. Andy, we don't talk about our specific buyback plan. All I was answering was the hypothetical question that yes, we can buy back our shares, whether we do a spin-off or a split-off. And for those that may not know, a split-off is in essence the exchange offer. I can't tell you what the Board of Directors of these companies are going to do from quarter-to-quarter, but you do have a sense of what the quarterly numbers are, and you can make your own assumptions as to whether or not those are going to continue for the next four quarters. Say again? I'll let you know if I don't sleep at night. Good morning. Good morning. No. It's primarily cash and government bonds. You know, Bob, I don't know. But the thing I do know is that over the past 15 years or so at least we have had cash balances of $2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion, $5 billion or $6 billion. We never worried about spending it. but lo and behold we -- the incoming cash that we had coming into Loews was spent either buying businesses or buying our shares or supplying capital at attractive returns to the businesses that we own. So somehow or other we are able to find investments to make. And the thing that is driving us though is, like I said in my prepared remarks, we find it is much better to raise capital when the rates are attractive rather than to raise it when you need it. When you need it the debt or the equity capital can be very, very expensive. We did not buy this on the premise that we were going to do something different. We bought this because we thought that there was a lot of value in this package of assets. This is -- as I said in my opening remarks and I reiterate now -- number one, we got long-lived assets, 20 years. and I wouldn't be surprised if the gas that we produce 20 years from now generates more income for us on a present-value basis than the gas that we'll produce next year. We also like the fact that this is factory-type drilling with such high success rates. If you look at a spectrum of exploration and production companies, on one extreme, there are wildcatters that are spending $100 million for a well in the Gulf of Mexico that may or may not be a producer, and then on the other extreme, which is close to where this company is, there is factory-type drilling. So we think that there's good value to be had in this factory-type drilling. We think that we can increase the reserves as well as get cash flow from this investment, and that over time it will increase in value. It's -- I don't know what it's going to do. It's just the state of affairs though. So, Diamond is scrapping two rigs, but we believe that even in a robust recovery that there won't be work for those two rigs. Those rigs are generally very old and have served their useful productive lives. But we do have a number of rigs that are stacked that will be able to come out of stacked mode and operate when, as and if the oil -- offshore oil drilling industry improves. We have no plans. We currently have $4.9 billion. For the past several quarters we have had roughly $5 billion. And as I am fond of saying over a long period of time -- we don't let cash burn a hole in our pockets. No, the 4. -- the $700 million in Boardwalk. We are looking here. Well, first of all, it is not an inter-company loan We're not looking to beat it by a tenth of percent. We're looking to make major investments that can make a major difference to our bottom line. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews had net income from continuing operations of $303 million or $0.79 per share compared to $261 million or $0.67 per share for the second quarter of 2013. Before we go into specifics about this quarter, I want to take a moment to focus on HighMount. When Loews acquired HighMount in 2007 we considered it a low-risk GAAP manufacturing business. Since then, the shale revolution and most notably the Marcellus and Utica plays have dramatically changed the US natural gas market. When we bought HighMount, gas was trading at $7 per MCF and was thought to be a finite commodity. A year later it hit $14. Since then it has hit lows of $2 per MCF and is now at about $3.85. In light of the changing circumstances in the natural gas market, last quarter we announced that we would conduct a strategic review of HighMount, which could include a sale of the Company. We are currently evaluating proposals for the sale of HighMount assets and can't say much more about the process at this time. Later on in the call, David Edelson, our CFO, will give you more details on the accounting ramifications of moving HighMount to held-for-sale status. We will be the first to tell you that HighMount is not the most successful investment we have ever made. We are certainly not always right, but over the years fortunately we have been more right than wrong. Now let's take a look at the performance of our other subsidiaries. At CNA, underlying property-casualty underwriting results continue to improve. The non-cat accident year loss ratio is down almost 1.5 points versus the same quarter last year. CNA's property-casualty business continues to trend in the right direction, albeit at a slower pace than I would like. While CNA specialty is performing well and producing strong accident year underwriting results and favorable prior year development, CNA commercial's progress has been more measured, being hampered by certain lines of business as the Company is exiting or re-underwriting. The impact of these course corrections will take time to see. The sale of Continental Assurance Company closed last week. CNA's long-term care runoff business now comprises the vast majority of CNA's life and group segments. Long-term care results for the first half of 2014 have improved over prior years; however, in this line of business two quarters of results does not necessarily constitute a trend. CNA is trying to build on these improving results and is actively managing the business. Turning to Diamond Offshore, the outlook for the offshore drilling market remains uncertain. This market has become more competitive as new rigs enter the worldwide fleet and oil companies reduce their exploration and production spending to improve cash flow. My sense is that over the next several years, oil companies will start to take advantage of reduced day rates as well as a softening of other services costs and that rig demand will subsequently increase. Diamond maintains the highest credit ratings of any offshore driller in the industry and is prepared to capitalize on whatever market conditions may prevail. We are pleased to report that Diamond has negotiated a nine-month contract with Murphy Oil for its third drill ship, the Ocean BlackRhino, at a day rate of $550,000 a day. This charter will in effect substitute the BlackRhino for the Ocean Confidence, which is undergoing an extensive special survey. Murphy will have an option to convert this contract into a multiyear term. Over the past several years, Diamond has committed to the construction of four new drill strips, the construction of a new harsh environment semisubmersible rig, and the reconstruction of two older semisubmersibles. All these rigs, with the exception of one drill ship, are now contracted at attractive day rates. Moving on to Boardwalk, as we have discussed previously, the natural gas industry remains in a period transition as shale plays continue to develop and transform gas flows in the United States. The good news is that this transformation is creating attractive investment opportunities to expand Boardwalk's existing pipeline infrastructure. However these opportunities will not bear fruit overnight. This process will take some time and patience. As Stan Horton mentioned on the Boardwalk call earlier today, he is encouraged by the deal flow that he has seeing. Boardwalk's assets are either attached to or located near many diversified shale plays. They are also located near major natural gas users such as proposed gas-fired power generation and petrochemical plants and LNG export facilities. Boardwalk's proximity to these shale plays and demand drivers is positively impacting its ability to take advantage of opportunities and make attractive investments. Earlier today, Boardwalk highlighted that it is pursuing projects which represent approximately 2 billion cubic feet per day of demand. Most of these projects involve repurposing existing pipeline capacity. These include projects which came about due to the increased demand to transport Marcellus and Utica shale gas supplies from north to south. Additionally, Boardwalk's southeast market expansion goes into service in the fourth quarter of this year and will transport natural gas to growing areas of demand including the industrial and power generation markets in Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida. All of these investment opportunities result from increased natural gas supplies in the United States and should benefit Boardwalk as natural gas production continues to increase in the coming years. Last but not least, let's turn to Loews Hotels & Resorts. Loews Hotels has been focused on growing its brand and broadening its consumer base through the addition of new properties in gateway cities. Additionally, the Company is reaping the benefits of the extensive renovations completed over the past year. In the last three years, Loews Hotels has acquired properties in Boston, Washington DC, Minneapolis, Los Angeles, and most recently in Rosemont, Illinois, near the O'Hare airport. Loews Hotels is also developing the 400-room Loews Chicago hotel that is scheduled to open in early 2015. These properties expand Loews Hotels' footprint while maintaining the 4 plus star quality that its customers know and expect. And finally, Loews Hotels continues to build on its 15-year relationship with Universal Studios in Orlando. In late June we opened the final phase of our first three-star product, the 1,800-room Cabana Bay Beach Resort. Early results are positive and our three original hotels continue to perform well. Book soon if you want a room. At the Loews Holding Company, we ended the quarter with cash and investments of $4.9 billion. The Company has also repurchased 3.9 million shares of Loews common stock in the second quarter and 2.45 million shares since July 1. The Company spent $302 million on the 6.9 million shares repurchased in this year. Now I would like to turn the call over to David. So, I don't foresee Diamond purchasing any third, fourth or fifth generation rigs. When you look at the economics of purchasing a third, fourth or fifth generation rig what you quickly realize is that the purchase price of the rig is really incidental and very small in comparison to the cost of recommissioning the rig and going through a special survey. So, in my opinion the cycle is different, slightly different this time than last time because in the cycle, say in the late 1980s, early 1990s you were able to buy rigs, recommission them for very little and bingo you would be back in business. This time the cost to recommission a rig after it has been in stacked mode for a few years can in some instances be measured -- can be greater than $100 million. So, it doesn't -- the economics of that are not driven by whether you pay $5 million for the rig or $7 million for the rig. We feel that we have enough of that class of rigs that when and if the industry comes back we will make a lot of money from those rigs. And we would anticipate making money then from sixth generation and later rigs if the market truly improves. Generally, yes, you should assume that unless you see interest rates picking up again. Well, Marty, I want to translate that question. What have you done for me lately. Thank you, David. Before we proceed to our Q&A let me review why I'm confident about the long-term prospects of each of our businesses. To quote myself I think from some time before, the yield is too darn low. The yield on 10-year notes right now is about 2.5%. Inflation is about 2% based on the CPI. And in a normal world you would expect to see a 10-year note probably 150 to 250 basis points higher than the current yield. But CNA is in the business of managing a fixed income portfolio. We can't have all our assets in stocks. And so, we just have to grin and bear it at CNA with respect to the relatively low yields that we are able to obtain. For our non-matched portfolio, we are trying to keep that portfolio as short as we can and reap the benefits of the roll down the yield curves as the securities we own age. With respect to our matched portfolio, we were fortunate enough a year ago at this time to be buying a lot of municipal bonds, which have worked out to be very attractive investments for us. We were able to buy lots of securities with 4%, 5%, and some even 6% coupons, and those have gone up dramatically in pricing, have been used -- we pre-bought those securities because they were such a good bargain and have been using that to fund some of our matched liabilities. I don't want to go into a whole dissertation on that. I'll just say that we considered a number of opportunities. But we felt that this one created the, this one was the best value creating opportunity for both Carolina Group shareholders, as well as for Loews shareholders. Glad you noticed. My pleasure. In terms of acquisitions, we keep looking, we keep kicking tires. You are right, equity values have gone up but interest rates are still very low and we haven't given up in our quest to look for something and find something that fits us and is just right for us. Thank you, Darren and good morning and thank you for joining us today. Before reviewing our first quarter results, I'd like to give you an update on the progress we are making on our plans to spin off of our ownership in Lorillard to holders of Carolina Group stock and Loews common stock. We are progressing well on this complex transaction. As completion of this proposed transaction is subject to a number of conditions including receipt of a favorable ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, which I'm pleased to report has been received. We also need an opinion of tax counsel, SEC clearance, final approval by the Loews Board and favorable market conditions in order to complete this transaction. We continue to expect that the transaction will be completed in mid-'08. With respect to our first quarter results, as you have seen by now, there were a number of significant items highlighted in the press release that affected the quarter, some positive and some negative. Overall, however, declines in investment income at the parent Company, at Carolina Group and at CNA outweighed the otherwise solid performances of our operating subsidiaries. In the case of Carolina Group, there was a $14 million after tax shortfall in investment income, compared to the prior year, that resulted in a reduction in CG's investment -- that resulted from a reduction in CG's investment partnership interest, a lower average invested asset balance and lower interest rates. This reduction in investment income, along with one-time spinoff expenses, which totaled $8 million after tax, more than makes up for CG's $11 million shortfall in net income compared to last year. In a few moments, Marty Orlowsky will discuss operating results for Lorillard in greater detail but I would just like to briefly note that Lorillard increased its domestic market share from 10.1% to 10.5%. While CNA's net operating income for the quarter comes as a disappointment, the Company is weathering well in a challenging price environment by maintaining its focus on underwriting discipline and expense management. The Company's decline in net operating income resulted primarily from reduced limited partnership investment income compared to last year's first quarter. Peter Keegan will provide some additional details in a few moments. During the quarter, CNA bought in 2.6 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $26.53 per share. This action, along with the payment of a $0.15 quarterly dividend, was possible because of CNA's strong capital position and solid insurance operations. The Company is well-positioned operationally and financially to maintain its strength, despite tough market conditions. Diamond Offshore posted another quarter of record revenues and earnings, reflecting the ongoing worldwide demand for mid-water and deepwater semi-submersible rings. Last week, Diamond took delivery of its new-build jackup rig, the Ocean Shield, which will go to work under contract commitments spanning 17 months. Its sister unit, the Ocean Scepter, is scheduled for completion in approximately five weeks. While a contract has not been announced, Diamond is in the advanced stages of negotiations for an international term job for that rig. The final rig in our new-build and upgrade program is the Ocean Monarch, which is already contracted for four years at an attractive day rate upon its completion later on this year. We are quite pleased with the success of the new-build and upgrade program and its contribution to Diamond's revenue backlog, which currently stands at approximately $10.7 billion. Last week Diamond's Board of Directors declared another special quarterly dividend of $1.25 per share, in addition to the regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share. Together, these dividends represent a cash payment to Loews of almost $100 million per quarter. HighMount Exploration & Production reported good production volumes and increased realized prices. To manage commodity price risk, HighMount had hedges in place at the end of the quarter for 70% of its remaining 2008 projected sales volume and 33% of its '09 projected sales volume. This still allows some latitude to realize value based on the strength in natural gas prices that we have recently seen. The lifeblood of a successful E&P Company is its drilling program. HighMount's drilling program focuses on low risk, long lived natural gas reserves, which we refer to as factory drilling. In the first quarter, HighMount completed 131 gas wells at a 100% success rate. Boardwalk Pipeline had a good first quarter as the Company began to see earnings contributions from the projects such as its East Texas to Mississippi pipeline expansion and the Western Kentucky storage expansion. Earnings for the quarter benefited from strength in gas transportation pricing, higher throughput and a favorable contract settlement gain. The park and loan market however continues to be challenging. Boardwalk has several pipeline expansion projects underway that will be placed into service over the next several quarters and that are expected to contribute to the Company's growth. To finance these projects, Boardwalk has successfully raised capital through a number of debt and equity offerings and also has available $1 billion revolving line of credit. Additionally, Loews has agreed to invest $700 million in Boardwalk, primarily through newly created Class B limited partnership units. We expect the transaction to be completed in June. Boardwalk has declared a distribution for the first quarter of $0.465 per unit, a $0.005 increase from the prior quarter and its ninth consecutive dividend increase since going public in '05. Loews hotels had another solid quarter, matching last year's first quarter net income. RevPar, or revenue per available room, increased by 3.5% driven by increases in room rates. As I said at the outset, Loews' overall results were somewhat marred by the actions of the financial markets in the first quarter. Nevertheless, for us, the financial markets present a time of opportunity rather than a time of stress. And finally, as many of this will probably be Marty Orlowsky's last Loews earnings call. Hopefully, in July or August, Marty will be hosting his own earnings conference call for a publicly traded Lorillard. However, I cannot let this moment pass without making mention of how stellar Marty has been as a member of the Loews team. He has been the most extraordinary and successful tobacco executive in recent memory, building enormous value for Loews and for Carolina Group shareholders. But success has not gone to Marty's head. He's been a pleasure to work with and always approaches issues with a can-do attitude. Marty's good nature, work ethic and good humor will certainly be missed by all of us in the Loews family. And with that, I'd now like to hand things over to Loews' CFO, Peter Keegan. Pete? Well, that -- the Berkshire transaction significantly de-risks the CNA balance sheet by taking, hopefully forever, CNA's asbestos liability off the table. And, I think that a number of our -- a number of CNA's regulatory and rating constituencies understand that, as well. We are -- we, Loews, are hopeful that CNA will pay down the preferred. CNA owns -- it's nice to receive the 10% dividend on that preferred. And, it will be missed when the preferred is paid down. But, remember, once that preferred is paid down, then, depending upon a lot of factors -- but CNA could be capable of paying a dividend to all its shareholders. And, so, Loews could receive cash flow from a CNA dividend on its common stock, as opposed to a dividend on its preferred stock. So, I heard the -- I heard the CNA call, I heard people worrying that the -- the repayment of the Loews preferred had to be mutually agreed by Loews and CNA. And, I'll just remind everyone that CNA has already paid off $250 million of that preferred by mutual agreement of the two companies. I would just tell you that it's a large institutional investor that wants to have exposure to not only Real Estate but the hotel market, but I don't want to go into what the economics of the transaction are. Right. You know, it is a cost of doing business. The project, if it were built -- and I do believe that there will be what we call a wide-range pipeline built from the Marcellus down to Louisiana or Texas -- if it is built, the payoff would have been enormous. And the costs that we incurred were simply the entrance fee in order to be able to put together a serious enough proposal to customers that it is taken seriously. This proposal was taken very seriously. But my guess is that it was a year or two before its time. This is not up to the family. This is up to the Board. I can't give you a time. As they say, you die by the sword, you live by the sword. We had for a number of quarters, even years, suffered with gold investments. And what has happened in this most recent quarter is that our gold investments came to life. And the investment income in the quarter is primarily attributable to our gold investments. Well, let's compare to now versus the past. Rather than just a year ago because now an awful lot of stuff is very well picked over and very competitive. But we believe that the world is cyclical and when we got into the offshore drilling business nobody was competing with us. When we got into the shipping business nobody was competing with us. Even when we got into Texas Gas there wasn't significant competition. So there are times to buy and now times just to hold your powder and be prepared for the day when opportunities come along. And it only takes, it really only takes one opportunity to make a significant change and we don't feel the pressure to invest the cash. We like having it because as by having that cash it gives us the ability to take advantage of opportunities when they come along. Good morning. No, we're happy to buy businesses here that have foreign operations. I think it's a much bigger leap to buy a business based in a foreign country. First of all we keep score in dollars, secondly it's the foreign markets are markets that don't scare us but by the same token we're not fully familiar with the rules, regulations, customs and taxation. And so our hunting ground is primarily in the United States. I haven't sold any stock, other than for my charitable foundation where I had to sell the stock, number one. Number two, while I do get stock options, the amount of stock options that I get are dramatically dwarfed by the shares that I own. So yes, when I think about Loews -- also included in that is a lot of my own wealth. And as a result, I don't think about shooting for the moon. I think about trying to achieve constant accretion in value. Thank you. Thanks. Absolutely, positively. When we buy a business that we don't know, there is a lot of uncertainty to it. And the thing that we happen to know best is Loews; and because we three of our subsidiaries are public, we have a very good sense of what those businesses are worth. So, when we buy back our shares, we don't have to pay a premium. We are able to buy it at market price. And when you buy another company, typically you have to pay a premium to the market price. So all of that and more figures into the calculus that we go through when we think about buying a new business versus buying in our own shares. Yes, but we don't intend to get a rating. We intend to finance it with bank debt. It sounds like Marty may not be on the line. Not to debt markets, no. Thank you very much. Let me just fill in my resume a bit, because I worked at CNA. That was my first job. That was when I just got out of business school in January of 1977. I worked there for six months, and then I came back to Loews, where I started as a junior analyst in the investment department. So, I've been a Loews employee now for, I think, 37 years, if my math is correct. So, good morning and thank you all for being here today. What I'd like to do -- oh, don't forget the disclaimer there about forward-looking statements. What I'd like to do is give you a brief overview of Loews and then go on to answer your questions. But first, let me start off by defining Loews and what we're trying to accomplish, day in and day out, in what we do. Loews is a holding company, pure and simply. As I like to say, we are unabashedly a conglomerate, and we believe that our diversified portfolio will create the greatest long-term value for our shareholders, year in and year out. Operating in diverse industries does mean that at any given time we can face very different market conditions, but certainly, over time, this diversification has benefited Loews and its shareholders. And, for example, if you look at the chart up here, our track record over the past 50 years actually speaks for itself with double the return of the S&P 500 over that period of time. Currently, Loews consists of three publicly traded companies -- CNA Financial, Diamond Offshore, and Boardwalk Pipelines. We also have $5 billion in cash. We own the Boardwalk general partner, and we have two wholly owned subsidiaries, Loews Hotels and HighMount Exploration and Production. Let me start by talking about HighMount. Last week we announced that we're considering strategic alternatives with respect to HighMount, including a potential sale. When first -- when Loews first acquired HighMount, it was a low-risk gas manufacturing company, but the Marcellus and Utica Shale plays have dramatically changed the natural gas environment. When we bought HighMount in '07, natural gas was trading at about $7, $7.50 an MCF, and then in the next year, it traded up to $14. When we got into it, there was every expectation on our part, and really on the part of the market, that natural gas was a finite commodity. Since the shale boom, though, in 2009, starting in 2009 or 2010, gas hit a low of $2 an MCF and is now trading at $4.75. Because of the sustained low natural gas prices, and our view that they really won't go up much higher from here, we have started this strategic review of HighMount. We will be the first to tell you that we have not been covered in glory when it comes to HighMount, but we want to pick ourselves up. We want to dust ourselves, and we want to move on. We're certainly not always right, but over the years, I can thankfully say we've been more right than wrong. Moving on to a happier story, CNA is a commercial -- CNA is a company you probably all know something about, commercial property and casualty company. What you may not know, though, is CNA has a world-class specialty business that accounts for almost half of CNA's property and casualty premiums. It has gone from almost $3 billion in 2014 to about 2.5 now. This is at CNA. All I can say to you is do the best you can. You know, WTI is currently at about $59 a barrel. Brent is $66 a barrel. The -- we have two months of operations of HighMount, and it performed basically as we expected. The main thing that drove it off of our expectations was the change that occurred this summer in natural gas prices. But we have about 30% of our gas prices hedged for this year, and about I think another 30% hedged for next year. So it 20% that's hedged for this year and 30% hedged for next year of we took -- we basically took properties that we received from Dominion and put them into HighMount, which is our corporation that holds our gas exploration and production properties, and we've taken over a substantial number of the employees from Dominion. And now it's operating within Loews' as a stand-alone subsidiary in that business. Thank you, Mary, and good morning. The first quarter was my favorite type of quarter. It was relatively quiet with solid performances from each of our subsidiaries. Just to review, CNA had significant reserve releases as well as strong operational results. However, this positive performance was distorted by a non-cash retroactive reinsurance charge relating to the Company's asbestos policies. Investment losses from CNA's LP portfolio also muted what was essentially a good quarter of CNA. Diamond Offshore continued to manage well through the cyclical downturn and benefited from revenue earned by its new drillships that are on long-term charters. Boardwalk Pipeline has also had a smooth first quarter. Its favorable performance is attributable in part to higher rates taking affect as a result of the Gulf South rate case and booked growth projects that have been placed in service over the last year. Finally, Loews Hotels & Resorts also performed well. Its properties in Florida remain strong earners as did some of the new hotels added to the chain in the past few years. David Edelson, our CFO, will walk you through the results of each of our subsidiaries in more detail later in our call. Since the quarter was relatively uneventful, I thought I would use this time to address some questions about the insurance and oil markets that have come up in our discussions with shareholders. Let's start with insurance. Over the last several years, there has been a significant increase in third-party capital coming into the insurance and reinsurance markets and this capital is increasing competition for the more generic insurance and reinsurance providers. It is having less of an effect on CNA's book of business however because of the Company's extensive been well-established nationwide agency network. This network is a tremendous asset and CNA is one of only a handful of industry players with this type of distribution channel. This web of distributed offices with local underwriters working with local agents is remarkably expensive to duplicate creating high barriers to entry for new players. The strength of CNA's network did not happen by accident. It has been built up over decades. In recent years, CNA has focused substantial time and resources on bolstering and upgrading its field operations for its commercial lines of business and CNA is also increasing the origination of its specialty business through these offices. The result is that these actions have made CNA's business lines less vulnerable to competition by new players in the industry. And also investment income. Interest income on our cash balances. You know, I don't know. All I know is that the business has been growing very rapidly recently. We've added hotels -- we've added hotel -- we've added two hotels in Chicago, Minneapolis, Washington, DC, Boston, Orlando, Hollywood, San Francisco and there's one more on the boards for Orlando. We've seen a significant increase in EBITDA and hopefully earnings will soon follow. So I think you're seeing a rejuvenation of the Loews Hotels brand name and we'll just see how we're able to do going forward. Let me try to explain. Natural gas at Henry Hub trades for the equivalent of about $20 per barrel of oil. So it's trading at less than 25% on a BTU basis of WTI and it's trading at less than 20% of oil value for Brent, which is another major index for oil. You talked about liquefying. Generally the only time -- there are only two times when you would liquefy natural gas. To liquefy natural gas, you have to cool it down to minus 250 degrees or so and you do that in order to ship natural gas to export markets. There is currently a debate going on in Washington and within the energy community about whether or not the United States should allow natural gas to be exported. And that debate will play out I believe over the coming year. Currently I think one license has been granted and others are pending. That could increase the demand for natural gas by a few billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. Those contracts generally will not kick in until three or four years from now because there are developers that have to put in the substantial capital necessary in order to build the export facilities. The other place where liquefied natural gas or LNG may be used is for over the road trucks and locomotives on railroads. That is something that is currently being tested and experimented with and it's my guess that similar to the export of LNG, that's something that will start to be more prevalent in the marketplace in the next two to three years. My guess is that at first the LNG as a motor fuel will not make a significant difference in daily production of natural gas but over time -- say over the next five to 10 years, it could actually be a very significant factor for demand. We will only know that in the next five to 10 years when we see what the price of natural gas is compared to the price for oil, so we've got to stay tuned for that. Carol, let me make just one clarification, which is that we have a similar share to Phillip Morris, USA, and RAI, Reynolds American has two shares because they have both American -- RJR and [BAT]. That's something that we haven't looked at. Thank you, Don. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews started the year with a very solid first quarter, reporting earnings of $0.99 per share compared to a loss of $1.49 per share in the first quarter of '09. CNA saw substantial improvement in its net operating income, primarily from higher investment income from limited partnership investments. The specialty segment at CNA is performing well in a very competitive environment. The general observation is no comment. Okay. At the outset of the call Marty said that they might consider taking on debt, but their intent would be for Lorillard to maintain investment-grade rating. The Loews portfolio, we invest primarily in treasury securities and we also maintain a relatively small equity portfolio. Well, I don't think it's a matter of extending the [Ingle] agreement, it's a matter of at what point in time is it appropriate for us to make decisions relative to the [Ingle] agreement. I don't think it has anything to do with extending it unnecessarily. That includes investment income, yes. It always does. We're not looking to franchise the brand. We have historically done hotel management. We have a number of hotels under management, and we are looking to continue doing that, as well as take equity investments in hotels. No. We don't make forecasts. First of all, it was 1.15 billion that we didn't refinance, and it really doesn't say anything about acquisitions. What it does is that we are really very pleased with the shape of the liability side of our balance sheet, that we are comfortable having under $1.2 billion of debt and that we are comfortable with the cash balance of about $1.7 billion and that we also foresee, in the near future, getting significant amounts of cash flow coming into the Company. So, we're very pleased with our financial position right now. The high splits, yes. I assume you're talking about the rigs available for sale? I think Marty Orlowsky should answer that. You're welcome. The only thing I can say is just as I don't comment about our ownership position in CNA or any of other other subsidiaries or nor do I comment about our share repurchases, I'll just leave our position at Carolina group to speak for itself. We still have a very significant interest in Carolina group valued when you look at the notional debt that we have, combined with the economic interest in Carolina group, I think our value in Carolina group is still about $4 billion which last time I looked is bigger than anybody else's interest. I love quoting myself. And as I said in my comments, we just don't comment on share purchases or repurchases. Generally not. We like to be able to control our own destiny. And more often than not when you have a large minority stake, what you are is a large minority shareholder. So that's not particularly high on our list right now. Marty, would you like to get that information and call back later? With respect to -- specifically with respect to HighMount, we have an awful lot of gas in the ground at -- in Sonora, Texas. I think right now it is at least 1 trillion feet and, if gas prices go higher, I think the amount that we have in the ground will go higher because it will become more economic to produce it. There are two ways that we could push the button to restart drilling in Sonora. One is if natural gas prices go up. The other is if we can reduce the cost of drilling for natural gas there. And we are looking very, very carefully at how we can drill wells there to get natural gas production at prices that are lower than -- at cost that are lower than historically we have an able to drill for natural gas. So if we are able to do that, if prices go up a bit then it is possible that we could restart drilling in Sonora, Texas. I don't want to go into that. I don't want to talk about individual securities. That's correct. First of all, in terms of how much cash gives us comfort, I can't give you an exact number. I can tell you if you look through history we have had significantly less than $3 billion and we have still been comfortable. Let me leave it at that. What was the second part of your question? So this was just a few data points came together for me and I decided that it was important for people that be thinking about it. We have positions that are larger than that, but we manage our exposure by being short some S&P futures in order to minimize the impact of our equities. Morning. Listen, I don't want to give a specific number. But let me just say that right now we are not at a level where we are -- where it is economic for us to drill for natural gas. But as I said, we are working to see how we can drill for a cheaper price -- a cheaper cost so that the gas production will be economic. And let me just give you some range. We are -- when I talk about we need higher prices, I'm not talking about $7 or $8 an Mcf, it is substantially lower than that, but it is also higher than where we are today. Yes, that is right. That is exactly right. If you had the same shale prospects in a foreign country, instead of the breakeven price being $75 a barrel it could easily be $150 a barrel. And those countries would have the chicken and egg problem of being able to get to the scale so that the cost of producing shale oil in those countries could come down to attractive prices. My guess is that it is going to be very hard though for them even with scale to get down to where we are here in the United States. This is HighMount, Marty. So, yes, we do have a lot of natural gas liquids, we have seen a tremendous change in the market for natural gas liquids. As ethylene crackers are being -- are on the drawing board and ready for construction, I have seen plans for some people to export LPG, there's just an awful lot that is going on in the natural gas liquids market in order -- number one, for consumers to make use of this very attractively priced byproduct or else for it to be exported. Well, from the Loews perspective, as you know, we repay the debt, the notional debt as dividends coming to us and our strategy is to continue paying down that notional debt as rapidly as possible so that the Company can -- so that Loews can pay out to CG shareholders as soon as possible basically all of the cash that it receives from Lorillard. The answer is only about 10%. My guess is it would probably be about 80%. Well, this year we're using the capital to reinvest in the business, drilling puds and other wells and we expect some modest cash flow to Loews. There was a significant increase in investment income. I leave it to you to decide whether or not you should be concerned about it. I'm comfortable with it. Definitely. We're not looking for brands. We believe we have a very, very good brand. What we would be looking for would be hotel assets to add to our brand. There was an enormous growth in upper -- what they call upper, upscale hotel properties over the past decade. A number of those have gotten into financial distress of one sort or another. And we think that over the coming few years there will be opportunities to make acquisitions of those properties at attractive prices. But as I just said to David Adelman, our anticipation would be to buy those properties based on the current state of business, not somebody's assumption that business going forward is going to improve substantially. Good morning. I didn't say we had to scale back our share repurchases. What I said is that I am not going to comment about our share repurchase is. That is correct. Absolutely not. I'd say it differently (multiple speakers). I'm not 100% sure. It may have been -- okay, I have some numbers here. What it was, was that our equities did reasonably well, which was a good contribution. And that was basically the long and short of it. Well, this year we're using the capital to reinvest in the business, drilling puds and other wells and we expect some modest cash flow to Loews. Yes, it is all equities and LP, yes. We don't -- as you know, we don't talk about specific numeric returns on capital that we are looking for or expecting. But there is no doubt that we are hoping to get to higher rates of return. And while we are pleased with the earnings that we've got, we are not pleased with the rates of return. And you can be sure that the management at CNA is working very, very hard to increase those rates. Because -- I don't want to -- first of all, if there were, then maybe there was some corporate activity. And if there weren't -- it just doesn't make sense for us to go down that road and talk about the things that may or may not have prevented us from buying in shares. No, no. There are no plans to upgrade any of our hotels to the Loews Regency brand. In the meantime, though, we spent $1.3 billion repurchasing our own shares. So that was a significant use of our cash over 2015. As we say, will have to get back to you on that. Well, first of all, it is not an inter-company loan Remember the notional debt is not the debt of Lorillard. The notional debt is just as I like to call it, it is a an algorithm for the computation -- for the allocation of cash between Loews and the CG shareholders. And the notional debt is paid down by cash dividends that are received by Loews from Lorillard and those dividends are determined by the Board Of directors of Lorillard Inc. Well, with respect to hedging, there isn't that much we can do, and to the extent that we can do it, we do it operationally through the subsidiaries. So, for example, Diamond Offshore is trying to get the longest contracts it can in order to hedge and maintain its book of business. In the pipeline business, the growth is coming with long-term contracts for the use of these pipelines so that there is some hedge there as well. As you know, it is difficult to hedge both the insurance business and the tobacco business. So, there is not so much hedging we can do. With respect to our cash and debt. We have $5.6 billion of cash. That's a gross number. We have, at the Holding Company $865 million in debt. Oh, okay. No, I don't want. Sure, there are a number of things. Number one, we can tell our story. We've been doing that for a while and we're going to continue doing that. We can have transparency and that was one of the reasons that drove us to take Boardwalk Pipelines public in November. The other thing that we can do that we really hadn't been able to do between '02 and this year is to buy in shares of Loews Corporation. If -- my general view is if the management thinks their shares are cheap they shouldn't complain about it, and by the way you don't hear us complaining about it. But instead you should do something about it and that is buy in the shares because then all the other shareholders benefit from it. So I think those are three ways to do it and we will continue to do it. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today to discuss Loews' fourth-quarter and year-end results. As you know by now, Loews reported earnings for 2012 of $568 million or $1.43 per share as compared to $1.1 billion or $2.62 per share in 2011. Net income included catastrophe losses at CNA and impairment charges at HighMount, which Pete will discuss in more detail later in the call. Absent these charges, our net income for the year would have been $1.2 billion or $3.14 per share. We ended the year with 391.8 million shares outstanding. We purchased 2.1 million shares during the quarter for $83 million and 5.6 million shares during the year for $222 million. Now let's take a closer look at the results of each of our subsidiaries. They have spent the prior-year moving their growth strategies forward and strengthening their businesses. Turning first to CNA, although fourth-quarter earnings declined due to higher catastrophe losses primarily due to Superstorm Sandy, CNA has continued to make progress towards improving its underwriting performance through risk selection and pricing discipline while generating premium growth. CNA's underlying P&C loss ratio excluding catastrophes in prior-year development continues to improve with a year-over-year decrease of about 1 point. To improve its underwriting performance, CNA is focusing on select customer segments where it has specialized underwriting expertise. Submissions, new business, and retention continued to be strong in these segments. As of the end of the fourth quarter, more than half of CNA's new business comes from these focused segments which grew 7% year-over-year and 7% quarter-over-quarter. Rates continued to rise increasing approximately 6% during the quarter in CNA's P&C operations. For CNA Commercial, rates increased 8% for the quarter and for CNA Specialty, they increased 6%. CNA's book value per share increased to $45.71, up 7% from year-end 2011. And finally, CNA announced earlier today that it is increasing its quarterly dividend from $0.15 per share to $0.20 per share. At that dividend rate, those will receive annual dividends from CNA totaling almost $200 million. Turning to Diamond, demand for offshore, deepwater and ultra-deepwater drilling rigs remains strong while the market for mid-water rigs remains stable. Diamond's earnings for the quarter were down year-over-year, however, partially due to an impairment charge related to the carrying value of four drilling rigs. Nonetheless, it was a strong quarter and a good year and Diamond is moving forward with the same core strategy which we believe creates value for all shareholders. Diamond's fleet renewal program is ongoing with four new drill ships on order and two victory class hulls, the Ocean Apex and the Ocean Onyx, being fully reconstructed. These six rigs will be delivered in the next two years and three of them have already been committed to contracts with attractive dayrates. In addition, last week Diamond announced a three-year contract with Shell Oil in the North Sea for the Ocean Patriot at a rate of $400,000 per day compared to its current day rate of $275,000 per day. Prior to mobilizing for this contract in the second quarter of 2014, the Ocean Patriot will undergo a six-month upgrade in anticipation of this job. Now let's turn to Boardwalk. Boardwalk had another good quarter. Cash distributions to Loews from Boardwalk during the quarter were $73 million and totaled $286 million for the year. Since 2011, Boardwalk's management team has developed growth projects in excess of $1.9 billion. These growth projects focus on three key strategies. Number one, leveraging Boardwalk's core pipeline and storage assets. Two, diversifying Boardwalk's services. And three, expanding Boardwalk's geographic footprint. Boardwalk's diversification effort will continue to be the Company's focus for the coming year. This strategy is aimed at making the Company less reliant on its base gas transportation business where a number of factors including compressed basis differentials are negatively impacting Boardwalk's future revenues. Boardwalk's two most recent acquisitions, HP Storage and Louisiana Midstream have both helped to move this strategy forward. In addition, both of these acquisitions contributed favorably to Boardwalk's 2012 earnings. When Boardwalk was considering purchasing HP Storage and Louisiana Midstream, it was not possible to obtain attractive funding through the capital markets. Loews stepped in and provided bridge financing for both acquisitions because we considered the long-term growth prospects so promising. HP Storage and Louisiana Midstream have since successfully refinanced those bridge loans at very advantageous rates. The acquisition of HP Storage made possible Boardwalk's Southeast market expansion project, which has benefited from HP's high turnover [self-owned] storage service. Additionally, HP Storage continued -- contributed an existing pipeline that significantly reduces the amount of new pipeline required to reach this growing market. The project is supported by 10-year firm agreements primarily with electric generation and industrial customers and has a targeted in service date of late 2014. In order to help offset potential reductions in revenue associated with contracts that will be expiring, Boardwalk will continue its efforts to access new power loads. Today's announcement of a long-term contract with Kentucky Utilities is just one example of this strategy in action. At HighMount E&P, low natural gas and natural gas liquids prices continue to impact the Company's results. Given the difficult pricing environment, HighMount is currently directing its drilling efforts to locations that should result in higher oil production such as its acreage in the Eastern portion of the Oklahoma Mississippian Lime region which it acquired in late 2011. So far, HighMount has drilled 30 wells on its Miss Lime acreage and it continues to increase knowledge of the play. HighMount's drilling costs and time to drill are competitive with other operators in the region and HighMount intends to continue with its early phase of development for the next several quarters. And finally at Loews Hotels and Resorts, 2012 has been a very busy year. Since Paul Whetsell joined the Company a year ago as President and CEO, he has added talent for the Loews Hotels bench by bringing in industry veterans to bolster all aspects of the business, operations, marketing, sales, and more. The Loews Hotels team has been focused on growing in key urban and resort markets while at the same time improving the performance and profitability of existing properties. Renovations are either underway or imminent at several of our current hotels and growth opportunities are being continually reviewed. In the past year, Loews Hotels and its partners have committed to projects worth more than $1 billion, including the Loews Hotel in North Los Angeles acquired in June of 2012; the Loews Madison Hotel in Washington, DC acquired at the end of last month; the Loews Back Bay Hotel in Boston, a transaction for which should be finalized this month; major renovations for several of our properties including a Loews Regency Hotel in New York; the Cabana Bay Beach Resort in Orlando, currently under construction and expected to open in 2014; and the Loews Chicago Hotel currently under construction and expected to open in 2015. In December of 2012, Loews Hotels brought in an institutional investor as a joint venture partner for the Loews Hollywood Hotel. Going forward, we will continue to look for like-minded investors to partner with us in owning new properties. This strategy will allow Loews Hotels to maximize its return on capital and effectively grow its network of top quality properties. Now I will turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete? Yes. The total 3P reserves is about 4.9 trillion cubic feet and the proven is about 2.5 Tcf. Well the guys buying the stuff. You know, over the years we have said that we would support our subsidiaries. And right now, what we're finding is that we are able to support them with -- by helping them to finance transactions that should be very accretive to shareholder value, not only at the subsidiaries but also at Loews. So we are very pleased with the Petal and Hattiesburg acquisition. At Boardwalk and likewise, we are very pleased with the $106 million land acquisition that HighMount is making just today in Oklahoma. So when you say contributions, what do you mean exactly? How about Loews shareholders? It has gone from almost $3 billion in 2014 to about 2.5 now. This is at CNA. Yes, the economics were driven by lots of different measures. We looked at how much we were paying per day day per production per day. We looked at how much we were paying per day of -- for production per day. We looked as how much we were paying for proven reserves. We looked at our cash flows and we looked at the tax benefits that we would be achieving. So we threw all those into the hopper when we did our analysis. Send your cards and letters to Moody's. One other thing, one other thing. That is there's a real distinction between drilling for oil in shale formations and drilling for it offshore. When you drill for oil in shale it can be as little as two months between the time that you make the investment decision until the time that you start production. So it's relatively -- and you also have a very good sense of exactly how much oil you're going to be able to produce from that shale well. So with prices at $59 a barrel you're able to pretty effectively hedge your first several years of production which makes all the difference in terms of the economics of your well. So remember with onshore shale production it's two months from the time you decide to drill until the time you're producing. For offshore drilling it's two to five years from the time you decide to drill until the time that you can be producing. So the offshore guys are much less concerned about the spot price for oil and much more concerned about what the trend is going to be. They don't know nearly as well how much oil they are going to be able to produce from that well that they may drill in the next year and they've got to do all manner of completion so they don't know exactly when the oil is going to be produced. So it's much more difficult for them to hedge their production than it is for the onshore shale people. Thank you very much for being here. It's nice to be back yet again. As I tell you, this is my favorite conference to come and speak out. I want to also tell you that it's the only one I come and speak at, what can I say. So, good afternoon everybody, and thanks really for being here today to hear the Loews' story. My plan is to give you a brief overview of Loews, then as you could see from the chairs to answer your questions. So, let me start out by defining Loews and what we're trying to accomplish day in and day out. As I often say, Loews is unabashedly a holding company whose primarily focus is to create value for all of our shareholders over the medium-to-long term. Our multi-industry structure is really quite unique and does not fit neatly into today's typical S&P 500 corporate model, which is dominated by pure-play companies. We believe that our structure offers us a benefit that other companies just don't seem to have and that is the ability to take advantage of opportunities in any sector that may arise. Opportunities that make sense for Lowes tend to happen sporadically although we are continually on the lookout for them. We believe that over time our diversification has benefited Loews' shareholders with dramatic outperformance to the S&P 500. So, what makes up the Loews portfolio today? Right now, Loews consist of three publicly-traded subsidiaries, CNA Financial Corporation, Diamond Offshore Drilling and Boardwalk Pipeline Partners. We also have one wholly-owned subsidiary, Loews Hotels and Resorts and we also own 100% of the Boardwalk Pipeline's General Partner. Additionally, we have almost $4.9 billion in cash and investments at the parent company level. Instead of walking you through the operations of each of our subsidiaries, what I'd like to do is something a little different this year. I want to use our time together to address some questions about the insurance and energy markets that have come up in our discussions with other shareholders and are likely to be on your minds as well. So the first question. How will CNA compete effectively in a crowded insurance market while facing softening pricing environment? We strongly believe that not only CNA -- not only can CNA compete effectively, but it can also deliver strong operating results and profit. The company maintains a solid foundation built on financial strength, continually improving talent and underwriting discipline and expertise. One of CNA's most valuable assets is the company's extensive and well-established nationwide branch network. CNA is one of only a handful of industry players with this type of distribution channel. It's web of distributed offices with local underwriters, working with local agents is remarkably difficult to duplicate, creating high barriers to entry for new players. In addition to investing in its branch network over the last decade, CNA has targeted select customer segments and specialized insurance products where it has established expertise, for example, financial services and technology. CNA's disciplined approach to underwriting has translated into improved profitability through better risk selection and pricing. The result is that core customers segments have grown from the 71% of the portfolio in 2011 to 80% in the last two years. Over the past several years, CNA has had a relatively flat topline growth, but below the surface, the company has shed unprofitable accounts, and added business in target segments. That is afterward. Yes. The total 3P reserves is about 4.9 trillion cubic feet and the proven is about 2.5 Tcf. And as for the investment income for Carolina Group, we have been investing -- as you know, from time to time, we will invest in securities longer than money market instruments in order to improve the yield, but we only like to do that when we have confidence the yields will be stable or go down. We really haven't had that confidence for the past three or four months, so we basically been in cash investments. That has generally served us well because of the significant increase in yields along the yield curve, but at some point in time, we may make a stab and re-enter the market. The CapEx was $125 million. You know, I don't know the exact size that we would look for. The thing that I know and believe is that in the course of the next few years, there will be plenty of opportunities to acquire gas and liquids properties. And I believe that with the right management, there will be good opportunities to earn very good rates of return on funds invested in the business. And we are ready, willing, able to make the commitment of those funds. But (multiple speakers) I don't want to give you a size for what we're looking at. Obviously, we're not looking to do a $10 billion transaction. So, beyond that, I can't really say what we're looking to do. Thank you, Darren and good morning, everyone. As you probably read by now, Loews' fourth quarter results were exceptional and provided a nice book end for 2006. Full year consolidated net income of $2.5 billion was double that of '05. Our results reflect those of our subsidiary companies which are all performing very well within their respective sectors. First, back to Economics 101. The thing that is going to move demand up is price going down, not price going up. Price going up is really appreciated by us; but in order for demand to increase, price needs to be down. Spot gas prices now are about $2.50 an Mcf. That is the equivalent to about $15 per barrel of oil. Oil is currently trading -- West Texas Intermediate is trading at $97 a barrel; and Brent crude, which has really become the international marker, is at $115 a barrel. So, gas is very, very cheap. And what we have seen is that we have had a number of years now where gas has traded under 30% of the price of oil. What that is doing, I believe, is that it is getting people to think about changing from oil to natural gas. So let me talk about the domestic industry. We have two hotels in Canada, but nothing else internationally. I think the good part of the industry is that, for the past several years, there really hasn't been much construction in new capacity. And so even though travel has improved and occupancy rates have improved, we haven't yet seen, at least in our area of the business, which is the upper upscale, we haven't seen the increase in rooms, which is giving some hotel operators some room to increase rates. And that shows up in the RevPAR that is increasing. We see generally the business is steadily improving, travel and groups are generally good and likewise, the individual traveler and the business traveler is also responding reasonably well. So overall, I would say the business is generally good. There is no euphoria in the business. So it is -- I guess you might call it a Goldilocks moment for the industry. The natural gas is 77% of the reserves, natural gas liquids are 22%, and oil is 1%. The proved developed producing is about 71% of the total proved reserves. You know, I don't know. I-- never say never. And I don't like answering hypothetical questions. What I should say is that Diamond has already bought two rigs. With the current - - with the current dividend policy, Diamond will continue to accumulate significant amounts of cash. And, my thinking, and I think the Board of Diamond, their thinking, is that Diamond will have the wherewithal to be able to make acquisitions on the road without any outside help. I sleep well at night. I've said many times -- first of all, Loews is US centric. That doesn't mean that our subsidiaries are US centric. In fact, take Diamond Offshore Drilling. Just 15% of its revenues come from the United States. The other 85% of its revenues come from offshore. So we are very happy having subsidiaries that operate internationally. In terms of Loews being a domestic company, we are, and we're proud of it. We find that it's tough enough knowing the rules, the culture and the regulations here in the United States. And to go overseas and try to figure that out seems awfully tough if you are buying a new business. Additionally, you got to wonder, if you are buying something overseas, why are the locals letting you buy it? What do they know that we don't know? And what is the culture? What is the culture of management over there? And when you are finished with all those problems, you still have the problem of distance and time. They don't make airplanes fast enough, and they haven't eliminated time zones. So communication is very difficult. And so, for all of those reasons, and I'm not even talking about language problems, for all of those reasons we've decided that we are happy to have companies that are US based. But to the extent that they have opportunities in their specific business and in their specific industry that's offshore, then that's fine by us. We think CNA is very, very strong. Before we do anything we want to see the ratings of CNA increased. CNA currently has a claims paying rating from Moody's and Standard & Poor's of A-; we think it should be A. And we are hopeful that -- soon that the rating agencies will recognize everything that has been done at CNA and raise its ratings. In terms of capital planning, as you have seen, or as you saw a year and a half ago, CNA started paying dividends. And that is basically the extent of what we have been thinking about in terms of capital planning at CNA. Good morning. No, none at all. I would advise you to look at our upcoming 10-K or prior 10-Qs that talk about certain risk factors. There is, I think, 30 pages of things that could go wrong. But just to mention a few, I would say oil prices could go down significantly, gas prices could go down, both of which would hurt Diamond Offshore and also HighMount. Generally that wouldn't hurt Boardwalk too much. And likewise Boardwalk has pretty much finished its major capital project, so it would be difficult to see what could hurt Boardwalk significantly other than a dramatic change in gas demand or some things going on intramarket, in the different markets that Boardwalk serves. And likewise I am assuming no gas leaks or explosions which are something that could happen to anybody in the pipeline business. When you talk about CNA, that's a work in progress. I think that, as I said before, the people at CNA are doing a great job. But anything can happen there. We could have more hurricanes, and even outside of hurricanes season, earthquakes have been known to strike from time to time. So catastrophes are a significant risk as well as investment portfolio. At the hotel business there is the overall economic environment. There is the risk, hopefully they have learned their lesson, but there is a risk that Washington can do yet more to try to kill the business. But notwithstanding all of these risks they are risks that we live with, they're risks that I am accustomed to. I feel generally comfortable taking those risks, and I feel especially comfortable that we at the Holding Company have the cash and financial resources in place such that if, heaven forbid, some of these risks actually do come to pass, that we have the ability to come through them in pretty good shape. Christine, I'd prefer to leave that a mystery and not answer that question. Well, first of all, we are not a large hotel Company, so a lot of what drives us is based on a few markets, primarily the Florida market and secondarily the New York market. Those markets have been reasonably good for us but it doesn't reflect the full national trend. And I don't know what the other companies have experienced in the first quarter but I thought, that in view of what's going on in the economy and the financial markets, that the hotel business actually turned in pretty good results. I don't want to give a number. We fully expect to. We have our -- I think $865 million in debt. Even if we finance this entirely with Loews cash, that means we'll have $1.3 billion in cash and we also have, as you know, very significant cash flows coming in to the parent company. So the cash that we use to make this acquisition should be replenished rather rapidly. All I can say is we spent $88 million to buy 2.2 million shares in the third quarter and, as you know, we do not talk about what our plans are for future repurchases. We absolutely, positively intend to hold it long term. We think that -- we have been long-term holders of CNA as generally we are long-term holders of all of our subsidiaries. That's number one. Number two, I believe that we have a terrific management team in place and we have -- not just in terms of the CEO leadership, but also in terms of the entire senior staff. So I think that CNA is really poised for growth. Additionally, we're coming off of three or four or five years of price declines in the insurance industry, and I believe that at some point hopefully in the not-too-distant future, we're going to see price increases. And in fact, in our commercial insurance line, for the past five quarters, we've had price increases. So, I think CNA is poised for growth. It trades at a very low -- a very big discount to its book value. It -- in terms of its financial strength, it has the strength of a company that would be AA-rated by some of the rating agencies. So, we are very pleased with CNA. We are long-term holders, and I'm looking forward to many years of good earnings from the company. Well, Marty, I want to translate that question. What have you done for me lately. That is correct. Bob, before you say anything, I want to give our operator an award. I think that is the first time I have ever heard your name and your firm's name pronounced correctly. Congratulations. No, we don't have those numbers. We are buying specifically the producing assets and not the corporation, so you'd have to get that from Dominion. There's good news and bad news by rising interest rates. The bad news is, that it will have a negative effect on our book value because the value of our existing portfolio will decline. The good news is, that we are relatively short in our -- we have a relatively short duration in our portfolio and to the extent that interest rates rise, we will be able to invest our cash at higher and higher rates. No, it doesn't. Yes. First we'll discuss repurchases. We are following the same playbook that we've followed for the past 40 years or so. That is, we buy the shares in when we think they're attractively priced. We use a whole host of measures to do that. We look at some of the parts valuation. We look at earnings. We look at cash flow. We look at just about everything that any analyst would look at in determining whether the shares are cheap or (inaudible). And then we act accordingly. I can't say how much money we would spend in the course of the year on repurchases, but the thing I can say is we will do absolutely nothing in any way to jeopardize the financial strength of Loews. I said in my remarks that we have $3 billion of cash. We have $866 million of debt. I think that even though we spent last year $350 million repurchasing shares, our cash balance at the end of the year was higher than at the beginning of the year. So we are very conservative in the management of those share repurchases. With respect to monetizing assets, it is funny. I don't know how to answer you because if we were thinking about an IPO and I would say something, then we would be jumping the gun. And I can't do that. If I say we're not doing something, then maybe that gives a different answer, and you could gain your way to figuring out what we're doing. Let me just say that instead we constantly look at markets. When we've taken businesses public, they've been for very, very specific reasons, and because we thought it would be not only good for Loews but also good for the shareholders of Loews and the potential shareholders of those subsidiaries. But beyond that, I don't want to talk about what specific plans we have for the IPOs of any of our businesses. I am sorry to say, but it is the way it has to be. You will find out when, as and if we file a prospectus for that business. Thank you, Josh. And welcome, everybody. Given the generally difficult economic environment Loews continues to perform well. As I am sure you've seen from our release, earnings were a bit lower for the quarter year-over-year, but they reflect what I would consider to be good performance by our subsidiaries under difficult operating circumstances. As you may have heard during the CNA conference call that preceded this one, our insurance subsidiary recorded a 22 percent improvement in net income. The insurance market continues to exhibit a characteristic difficult, if not impossible, to find in other industries these days, namely pricing power. Prices across CNA's property and casualty operations improved 24 percent quarter-over-quarter. CNA continues to focus on improving underwriting and controlling costs in an effort to bring price increases to the bottom line. Lorillard continued to weather significant market challenges admirably in the first quarter. And in just a moment I'll let Marty Orlowsky, who is with us on this call today and the Chief Executive Officer of Lorillard, provide you with more detail on the past quarter and the general state of Lorillard's business. Diamond Offshore which recorded a loss in the quarter continues to suffer from weakness in the offshore drilling market. Utilization and day rates were lower across-the-board, hurt by the persistent reluctance of oil companies to commit to drilling contracts in the volatile oil and natural gas markets. Diamond Offshore has made use of its strong financial position to acquire assets cheaply in the prevailing environment. During the quarter the company completed its previously announced acquisition of the third generation rig Omega which has been aptly renamed 'The Ocean Patriot.' Bulova had a great quarter, particularly in light of anemic consumer spending patterns. Both sales and income increased significantly year-over-year, fueled by greater volumes in average selling prices for watch products, as well as by improved clock volumes. Bulova's Wittnauer and Harley Davidson product lines which were introduced in 2001 have contributed significantly to its robust performance. As we had indicated during a conference call we held a little over three weeks ago if all goes according to plan Loews should have a new subsidiary to speak of in early June. Loews, as many of you know, has agreed to acquire Texas Gas Transmission Corp. from the Williams Companies in a transaction valued at more than $1b. Texas Gas has historically generated reliable cash flows, and we expect it to generate meaningful returns for Loews shareholders in years to come. And now I'd like to turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will provide some more insights into the financial performance of Loews. Yes, so I would say this, that the producers in the Marcellus currently have enough takeaway capacity for the next few years, and they seem not to be thinking beyond that time frame for what to do with their natural gas liquids. So like I said, my guess is that we were a year or two early -- we being Boardwalk. Well, first of all, I would tell you that Congress has done a great job of killing the resort hotel business with the way they've criticized the number of financial firms from having conferences. In fact, I just heard this morning of another investor conference that was cancelled by another major investment firm because of the fear of being criticized by members of Congress. So, the current outlook for the business is certainly not good. As for Loews, we are -- we have, just as with our other businesses, we are hunkering down and cutting expenses where we can. And we feel confident that our business, which is not highly levered at all, will get through this economic crisis. We also expect that there would be a number of attractive hotel properties that are not able to make it through this economic storm that we're in and we will be looking to see what kind of attractive property acquisitions we can make in this environment. We believe that the world is cyclical and that when things go down, at some point, they hit bottom and they go back up again. And right now, we have the cash and the cash flow at the holding Company level in order to be able to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves. Thank you. The biggest component of the losses I'd say was writedowns that we took for impaired securities. But the other thing you should note is the increase in unrealized gains that is shown on the balance sheet, which was, I think, a few $100m. And that's reflective of two things. Number one the decline that occurred in interest rates, and number two the extraordinary rally that we've had in certain corporate bonds, especially corporate bonds that we wrote-down in the third and fourth quarters of last year. Many of them have doubled in value from those written down prices, yet we have not realized the gain on those securities. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews had net income of $282 million or $0.73 per share for the third quarter of 2013 as compared to $177 million or $0.45 per share for the same quarter last year. Net income for this year's quarter includes an after-tax non-cash ceiling test impairment charge of $42 million at HighMount as compared to charges in the third quarter of last year of $166 million. Pete will go into more details on these charges later in the call. Now let's take a closer look at each of our subsidiaries starting with CNA. CNA had another strong quarter and continued to improve its underwriting results. Excluding catastrophes and prior year developments CNA posted a loss ratio of 62.8% and a combined ratio of 95.9% in its core P&C operations. This represents almost a 5 point improvement in the combined ratio versus the third quarter of 2012. David, as I said in my remarks, we don't comment about our share repurchases, so I'm just going to let that data point stand as it is. -- natural gas moving back down towards $4. No, and in fact, my guess is that if you think of the payout ratio as the sum of dividends plus share repurchases, our payout ratio has been rather high over the years and I wouldn't be surprised to see it continues to be high. Like I said, we buy in our shares when we think that it creates value for our shareholders. We've gone years without buying in our shares and in other years we've bought shares by the bushel-load. So it all depends on what is the price of low stock, what is the price of our subsidiaries, how do we assess the prospects for our subsidiaries, how do we assess the prospects for Loews. We put that all into the blender which we call our collective brains of the senior staff at Loews and think about whether or not it's a good time to buy the shares. 73 -- Yes, the reserves are -- total reserves are about 2 billion -- sorry, 2.520 trillion cubic feet. I know, but I am more concerned about interest rates than I am inflation. So let me just talk about the CNA purchase. It was really simple for us. The stock was trading at $28 a share, the Company for the past two years has paid a $2.00 special dividend and paid a $0.25 quarterly dividend. The stock was yielding in excess of 10% based on historic dividends and that just seemed to us to be too high a yield and too cheap a stock. So we decided that we would buy some shares. Okay. We have no specific plans right now. We like to carry around a large cash position because it makes it so that we can take advantage of opportunities when they come up, but at the present time, we have nothing in particular that we're doing. Well, now that you mention it, all I can tell you is, I was right. In the past month or six weeks, since we mentioned that, stocks are up significantly and you see the result of that, in fact, in the returns on investment income -- the investment income results for Loews for the past quarter, that reflects what is going on in the equity markets, and primarily the stocks that we've owned, which have been oftentimes large-cap dividend paying stocks, where at the time that we bought them, the dividends were close to or in excess of the yield on 10-year Treasury securities. Thank you. This is HighMount, Marty. I can't give you a timeline. What I can say to you, though, is that Boardwalk is now operating more like a C-Corp where they generate their own internally generated capital to finance a lot of their growth projects. There is no doubt that at some point in time, Boardwalk would like to move back to what I would call the MLP model where they pay out most of their distributable cash flow as distribution. But for the foreseeable future, they are going to continue as they are now. It may vary from quarter to quarter, but in general that's the case. I have never, ever, ever, ever seen an accountant say you're being too conservative, and likewise I have never, ever, ever seen them say, gee, the value for that asset is too low on your balance sheet, why don't you write it up? It doesn't happen. -- at last report, was about $4.7 billion. That is correct. When you talk about the investment portfolio, I wasn't sure if you were going to talk -- I thought you were going to talk about the CNA investment portfolio, but are you instead talking about Loews? You mean dry gas? Hold on one second. It will happen pretty close together. Like probably a matter of days or weeks. And we don't have those numbers right here. Listen, I think about share repurchases, the way we have been thinking about it for the past 40 years or so. And that is, when we repurchase shares, we think about, number one, how much cash we have. We also think about where the stock is trading, what the prospects for our business is, and whether the stock is trading at a discount or premium to the values and what are the outlooks for each one of our subsidiaries going forward. There is no one formula, but we take all those factors and more into account. You're right, we no longer have the cash flow from Lorillard, but number one, we have fewer shares outstanding. And number two, as I said in my opening remarks, we have dramatically increased the cash flow that we receive from our other subsidiaries. And so this year we will receive, I think, based on the last special dividend that was paid by Diamond Offshore, we'll receive $400 million from Diamond. We received more than $100 million from CNA. We've got good cash flow from Boardwalk and also from our investment portfolio, such that if you would annualize the quarterly cash flow that we had this quarter, it can come to more than $1 billion a year. So we still have very good cash flow and we also have a big treasury with $4 billion of cash which is just under $10 a share with our new share count. So we do not feel cash constrained and the way we think about our share repurchase has not changed over the -- as a result of the split-off of Lorillard. Good morning. Yes, you could say that. But I would argue that it's beneficial for all shareholders that CNA is able to buy its stock and at a substantial discount to book value. The fact that Loews benefits is, yes, it's an interesting fact, but the point is that all shareholders benefit from that. You know, I'd prefer not to get into a game of narrowing down the size. You know, I am sure you can tell I don't want to provide managements' estimates of the value of the nonpublic pieces. It is just something that we don't like to do. Are there constraints? No. But like I said, there are lots of things that we take into consideration in thinking about share repurchases and other investments by Loews. Peter, why don't you talk about the mechanics behind the reserve charge? No, not significant. You're talking about the Loews $4.3 billion portfolio. Is that correct? Yes, we have. And that is why the return in our investment portfolio was as low as it was this quarter. It was basically break even. That is because of the losses that we experienced on those gold-related investments offset the gains we made from the rest of the portfolio. Yes, it can. Right now the muni market is priced pretty well from an issuer's perspective. I could see a situation where if muni investors get concerned about Puerto Rico and then you add on top of that they get concerned about certain state and municipality pension liabilities. And you could see the retail investor start to move away from the municipal market. And if that happens you could see possibly forced selling on behalf of mutual funds. And if that is the case often times they sell the good solid names because the gamier names often don't have a bid. And so you could see a real decline in the municipal market as a result. Whoa, I'm talking about -- you're right. I'm talking about issuance. Thank you, Darren, and good morning. 2007 was a very good year for Loews. Despite encountering a few bumps in the proverbial quality road our annual consolidated net income of $2.5 billion was unchanged from last year. Diamond Offshore, Lorillard and Boardwalk Pipeline each delivered record earnings for the full year '07 and CNA reported solid operating income. Our fourth quarter earnings contained a number of nonrecurring items that unfavorably affected an otherwise good year for Loews. These items are outlined in our press release and in a few moments, Peter Keegan will discuss them in further details. For two consecutive years, CNA has delivered strong consistent financial performance, while results have been helped by mild hurricane seasons in '06 and '07, CNA has benefited from its disciplined approach to pricing and risk selection as conditions in the insurance marketplace continue to soften. CNA has a highly diversified book of business, which it is willing to grow or to reduce depending upon market conditions in order to optimize underwriting returns on its insurance portfolio. CNA's quarterly dividend policy initiated during the past year currently pays $0.15 per share and generates more than $140 million of cash for Loews on an annual basis. Diamond Offshore recorded another year of record results as the Offshore Drilling market continued to surge. Midwater and deepwater rig demand remained healthy, especially in the international sector. Consequently, Diamond's revenue backlog grew from $7 billion at the beginning of '07 to $11 billion at year-end. Last week, Diamond's Board of Directors declared a special quarterly dividend of $1.25 per share, in addition to the regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share. These regular and special dividends represent a quarterly payment for Loews of almost $100 million. Lorillard has posted another excellent year. In a few moments, Marty Orlowsky will discuss operating results, but I would first like to briefly update our previously announced plans to spin off Lorillard. At the time of the announcement, we outlined a few steps that need to be taken prior to completion of this transaction. The first step is for Loews to receive a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS, as well as an opinion of tax council regarding the tax-free nature of the transaction. We have submitted our application to the IRS and are expecting a favorable response within our planned time frame. Another step is the clearance of the registration statement by the SEC, and as you may have seen, we made the initial filing of the Form F4 this past week. And, finally, following receipt of these items, and assuming a decision to proceed by the Loews' Board of Directors, we continue to expect completion of the transaction in June or July of '08. Given that we are currently in registration, we will be unable to answer any further questions regarding the spin-off transaction. Boardwalk finished '07 with another good quarter. Strong demand for gas transportation services on existing systems lead to increases in capacity reservation rates. However, the market for park-and-loan gas storage services weakened because of the decline in natural gas price spreads. We're more continued to make headway on numerous expansion projects during '07, including its most notable achievement, the commencement of service on the east Texas to Mississippi expansion. This line is effectively sold out with contracts having a weighted average term of almost seven years. Boardwalk has announced the cash distribution of $0.46 per unit, which represents the eighth consecutive quarterly increase since the Company went public. This payment will result in a quarterly cash flow to Loews of more than $40 million which includes the incentive distribution rights of the general partner. HighMount exploration and production is off to a good start after completing its first full quarter of operations under the Loews umbrella. When we acquired HighMount, we talked about the factory nature of their drilling program. That comment has been [borne] out in the time that we have owned HighMount. Of the 242 wells drilled during '07, 236 produced commercial quantities of natural gas, yielding a 98% success rate. Loews Hotels also had a good year and continues to benefit from ongoing favorable market conditions in the lodging industry. Our hotels saw a revenue per available room increase to $184 in '07 from $168 in the prior year, reflecting improvements in room rates and occupancy. So, to sum up, at Loews we continue to do everything we can to build value for our shareholders and our core strategies continue to yield positive results. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan. Bob, as you know, we tend not comment on our share repurchase plans. But it will still take a few quarters for us to fully rebuild cash balances to the satisfaction of the rating agencies. So for the time being, we are conserving our cash and investing wisely. Yes, the reserves are -- total reserves are about 2 billion -- sorry, 2.520 trillion cubic feet. At the end of the quarter, we have $3.2 billion. We have debt of $865 million, and I'll let you do the addition for the dividends that we're receiving. And we gave you the prices for the hedged amounts and then you can compute the returns for the other amounts. Making sure, of course, that you add or subtract what we call the basis, which is the cost to get our hedged product or any product to a major market. You know, when we think about investing, we think about buying outside of our business, about repurchasing our shares, and about investing in our subsidiaries. So, yes, with respect to Boardwalk, we have said that we are willing to commit $300 million in subordinated debt and we're also, on a case-by-case basis, willing to help them out with large investments. When we think -- so that will cause some -- we will have to reserve some of our cash for that. And, likewise, if Boardwalk moves ahead with the Bluegrass project, we will have to reserve cash for that. But, remember, we are going to have more cash flow at Loews this year from our subsidiaries, assuming the current dividend rate, compared to last year. So Loews will still have significant amounts of cash flow and we are starting from a base of $4.7 billion. So to the extent that we should find an acquisition candidate that we think has real long-term value creation possibility for us, we would be happy to move forward. It still comes with a warning don't try this at home. What you'd really have to do is look at it on a per-basin basis. We don't produce any oil, we produce natural gas liquids, and that's about 500 -- it's about 582,000 barrels for the third quarter, which represents two months. We provide it graphically. It is pretty easy for anyone to do. All you do is take the outstanding number of shares of Loews; and you look at how many shares of each subsidiary we have; and that tells you how much per share of Loews we have in each subsidiary. So just roughly speaking, for every share of Loews, there are about 0.62 shares of CNA; there are about 0.18 shares of Diamond; and about 0.32 shares of Boardwalk. Like I said, that's simple division. That is the number of shares of each subsidiary that we own, divided by the number of Loews shares outstanding. We do not have significant exposure to Puerto Rico. With respect to Puerto Rico -- man, it seems to me that they could really use some action in Washington to allow them to make use of the bankruptcy code. Otherwise I think it is going to be a real massive mess because holdouts can just hold out and I don't fully understand just yet how things will settle out. My pleasure. All I can say to you is do the best you can. Marc is an adult. He's an adult who's been brought up in the energy services business. His customers at Halliburton are our customers at Diamond Offshore. He knows how to be a CEO, and my belief -- and I think Marc is proving this out -- in order to be a CEO in the offshore drilling business, you don't have to grow up in the offshore drilling business. Yes, there's no doubt that in the first three months he feels like he's been drinking from a fire hydrant. But there's also no doubt in my mind that already he has a really good command of the business. We've seen that his contacts in the industry have helped Diamond dramatically. He has the respect of every senior employee in Diamond who sees that he is knowledgeable and knows how to run the business, has a vision for it, and has the leadership skills to be able to do it. So, we're very, very pleased with that hire. As they say, you die by the sword, you live by the sword. We had for a number of quarters, even years, suffered with gold investments. And what has happened in this most recent quarter is that our gold investments came to life. And the investment income in the quarter is primarily attributable to our gold investments. At Loews? The correct response is yes. We look for both. Yes. Nothing significant, no. Well, Lorillard -- the Carolina Group balance sheet includes the Lorillard balance sheet and the lions share of the assets are all Lorillard, except for, I believe, about $150 million, sorry, $100 million of cash that's held at the Carolina Group level. So, yes. What you -- most of what you see will remain with Lorillard, and in fact, if you look at the S4, I think you'll be able to see that more clearly. No. I don't know; you are going to have to run your own numbers. We have stated as a general rule that we like to be hedged one year's worth of production over the coming two years, and that's approximately where we are now. Additionally, when we do some of these drilling programs, and in particular the program that we did last year when gas prices were very low, we drilled the well, but we didn't complete it or frac it until sometime starting in December. And what we did is we hedged the first three years of production in order to be able to lock in very significant double digit returns on those investments. So we think that hedging is a very attractive tool that we have in order to maximize returns for HighMount. No, I think, right now, things are generally priced for perfection. And as I continuously say, we kick a lot of tires, but we just haven't found the right thing. I am hopeful that subsidiary needs from Loews are zero. Thank you Josh. Loews earnings performance in the fourth quarter of '05 put a bit of a damper on what was otherwise a great year for the Company. However the setback in the fourth quarter which was the product of charges at CNA does not change the fact that all of our underlying businesses are performing well, including our commercial property casualty insurer. CNA's loss in the quarter is the result of the commutation of reinsurance finite contracts and reserve strengthening charges. While these events are disappointing and unwelcome the finite commutations at least are for the advantage to CNA that it will no longer bear the interest expense that had been associated with the contract. This will amount to a benefit of $55 million after taxes in '06 as well as significant but lesser amounts in subsequent years. It is also important to highlight that the other adverse development charges that CNA took in the quarter primarily relate to business written in 2001 and earlier. It is CNA's policy to address quickly and forthrightly any issues that identifies with its reserves. In that vein I am pleased that CNA took the measure it did this past quarter, the impact to net income notwithstanding. I am also encouraged that absent the charges the Company's performance continues to be strong. The underwriting environment for commercial property casualty insurers is sound and CNA is writing business in a disciplined and intelligent fashion. Meanwhile rising short-term interest rates have also helped it to generate more investment income. CNA's fourth quarter charges have not changed the financial condition of the Company. Its credit profile and position the marketplace remain very solid. Lorillard as you know by now had a terrific fourth quarter and year on the strength of its flagship Newport brand. The Company reduced its promotional spending over the course of '05 and while volumes declined slightly during the fourth quarter strong underlying fundamentals still resulted in improved profitability for the period. For the full year both Newport and Lorillard increased volume market share and profit. Lorillard's CEO Marty Orlowsky will join us momentarily to provide more detail. Four more pipelines had a banner 2005 highlighted by the IPO of the Company as a master limited partnership in November. This transaction marked the culmination of the successful set of acquisitions by Loews in the pipeline area over the past few years. The IPO of Boardwalk not only returned Loews some of the capital it had invested, but it also served to add even more transparency to Loews. Today four of Loews' six operating subsidiaries have publicly traded equity securities that investors can use to more easily assess the combined value of the Company. It is also worth noting that the new master limited partnership structure is particularly advantageous for Boardwalk because it allows earnings after maintenance expenses to be distributed to the public holders of its limited partnership unit without having to pay taxes at the corporate level. Earlier this month Boardwalk declared its first distribution payable to unit holders on February 23. There was also a great deal of activity during the year at the operating level of Boardwalk; specifically the Company made good progress to capture operating efficiencies between Texas Gas and Gulf South units. It completed a number of projects including an expansion of its natural gas storage capacity. The added storage capacity was quickly contracted at maximum rates allowing the Company to announce a second phase for the project that will again expand storage capacity by an equal amount. The first phase is expected to add about $8 million of revenue to Boardwalk in 2006. During the year Boardwalk also established two interconnects that will allow the Texas Gas and Gulf South pipeline systems to exchange gas in South Louisiana, positioning the Company to take better advantage of rate differentials between gas producing areas in the Gulf Coast region. Meanwhile Texas Gas increased its takeaway gas capacity from the Carthage Texas (technical difficulty) by leasing a third-party pipeline which had contributed about $4 million annually to Boardwalk's operating results. Diamond Offshore performed extremely well in the fourth quarter and full year '05 as the offshore drilling market went into boom mode. The company's contribution to Loews' fourth quarter net income improved by a factor of more than 12, while for the year it reached almost $130 million of net income versus a slight loss in '04. The Company's fifth-generation rigs are currently being contracted at day rates ranging from $270,000 to as high as $390,000 while its other semi submersibles are seeing rates between $125,000 and $285,000 per day. The jack up market is just as robust with rates up to $140,000 per day. These rates are about four times as high as the beginning of the boom 18 months ago and mark record territory for the industry. As these prices would indicate most of the available rig fleet in the Gulf of Mexico, Southeast Asia and just about everywhere around the world has been contracted through '06 and much of '07. Given Diamond Off shore's robust performance its Board of Directors recently declared a special dividend of $1.50 per share payable in early March. Loews will receive approximately $105 million from this distribution at effective tax rates, reduced materially by its eligibility for the corporate dividends received deduction. It is our expectation that Diamond Offshore will continue to be a significant source of cash flow for Loews in coming years. Loews Hotels again benefited from a very strong lodging market this past quarter and year returning the Company to operating levels it last experienced in 2000. The results reported for Loews Hotels today do not reflect this reality as there were unusual items that unfavorably impacted the Company's fourth quarter earnings. Nevertheless for the quarter average room rates were 10% higher while the occupancy slipped a little less than 2 percentage points yielding a RevPAR increase of 7.5%. For the full year '05 both average room rate and occupancy increased 11% and 1% respectively. Loews Hotels in New York and Miami properties were again the units that showed the greatest strength during the year. And with that I would like to turn the call over to our CFO Peter Keegan who will review our annual results. To buy another business? Yes, correct. Say again? Yes. We are positioned very conservatively. We still have a lot of cash at the parent company level. The cash, treasury bills, REPO's and fixed maturities make up about two thirds of the entire investment portfolio. And so we're not being heros here. Hold on, we are just looking it up. We can give to you year-to-date. And then we could also give you -- we can give you year-to-date and also the second quarter. Production was, for the second quarter was 28.4 billion cubic feet equivalent and year to date was 44.9 billion cubic feet equivalent. Sorry -- year-to-date was 56.5 billion cubic feet equivalent. But it's used for allocating the cash flows to Carolina Group, so once the debt is paid down, then there's no more interest expense and there is no more debt repayment. Then the cash flows will go according to percentage ownership of Carolina Group which is currently 77% Loews, 23% public shareholders. Currently, because of the payments to Loews for the debt and the interest expense, Loews receives well over 90% of the cash flow from Carolina Group. So it provides for the Carolina Group shareholders a means of financial leverage which is not dissimilar to that of our competitors. Okay. Which dividend cash flow? In Loews Corp.? Well, first of all, the view of cash versus stock was simply that Loews owns 100% of Lorillard and it will be up to the Lorillard Board, we believe when Lorillard is public, in order to give out cash or equity awards. That's number one. Number two, with respect to the ownership, the Lorillard management team does have a significant number of options and SAR's in Carolina Group that will convert over to Lorillard shares. So the Lorillard management team has performed phenomenally under Loews leadership with their ownership. And I have no doubt that the incentives that they have when they are a part of a public Company will be similar. No, we are not, but the equity positions, as you well know, could be liquidated rather quickly. And with respect to our hedge funds, that portfolio was designed in part to be able to be liquidated over a number of quarters. Well, there is a capital gains tax involved, so it's difficult to say what we would do. In terms of whether we're a seller, no, we're very happy with our portfolio. The ships each cost roughly $90 million apiece. And then we have another $750 million of fixed maturity treasuries, and then the rest is other odds and ends. I don't think that Boardwalk has disclosed a specific anticipated return on investment. But let me just say we think that it is very attractive. And those acquisitions also can lead to very attractive organic growth projects that can have yet even higher returns than the acquisition itself. Think of them as completely separate, that CNA has the capacity to borrow on its own balance sheet and we totally believe that CNA should borrow on the basis of its own balance sheet. If for some reason heaven forbid they were an extremist, then we would consider making a loan to them but only at what we consider to be attractive market rates. So that the Loews shareholders aren't necessarily subsidizing the CNA shareholders. But we hope and expect that each one of our subsidiaries will finance themselves. So, my -- first of all, I would dramatically distinguish our business and Traveler's and Chubb, our main competitors, with the reinsurance business. Reinsurance, I consider to be capital -- I think those folks from BlackRock actually said it pretty good. Many things that we have seen have traded at very significant prices. I think that is because many of the private equity firms are hungry to invest what funds they have, and so we have seen prices at relatively high levels. That, combined with the fact that the financing markets, both the bank market as well as the high yield market, have also improved rather significantly. It means that private equity funds can pay pretty high prices. Combined with the fact that there are really aren't a lot of transactions taking place. Overall, I would say that prices are pretty high. CNA portfolio is about $41 billion. That's right. I think there are -- what we are seeing is two things. Number one, equities trading at significant discounts to where they had previously been trading. And we are also seeing projects for our subsidiaries that offer what seems to be very enticing returns. So while we haven't done anything, we are looking carefully at capital programs and at other opportunities. Well, first, we have $3.7 billion of Holding Company cash and investments. And historically that cash balance has not gone below $1.5 billion or $2 billion. Just under -- it will be -- at the current dividend rate it will be just under $500 million. There are definitely no updates. CNA, as you know, has a minus rating with negative outlooks from Moody's and Standard and Poors. We have an A rating from Best with a negative outlook. We are hopeful that at some point in time in the near future, that the negative outlook will come off and we're also hopeful that at some point beyond that, that CNA's ratings will be increased. My understanding is that if you look statistically, you see that CNA's ratings are about two levels below where they would otherwise be and I think that's the result of the reserve strengthening that CNA did in both '01 and '03. The book of business at CNA has changed very dramatically over the past several years and we have a lot of confidence in the level of CNA's reserves and we believe that when the rating agencies get a similar level of confidence, which will hopefully not take too much longer, that they will see fit to begin the process of increasing CNA's rating. Listen, I think about share repurchases, the way we have been thinking about it for the past 40 years or so. And that is, when we repurchase shares, we think about, number one, how much cash we have. We also think about where the stock is trading, what the prospects for our business is, and whether the stock is trading at a discount or premium to the values and what are the outlooks for each one of our subsidiaries going forward. There is no one formula, but we take all those factors and more into account. You're right, we no longer have the cash flow from Lorillard, but number one, we have fewer shares outstanding. And number two, as I said in my opening remarks, we have dramatically increased the cash flow that we receive from our other subsidiaries. And so this year we will receive, I think, based on the last special dividend that was paid by Diamond Offshore, we'll receive $400 million from Diamond. We received more than $100 million from CNA. We've got good cash flow from Boardwalk and also from our investment portfolio, such that if you would annualize the quarterly cash flow that we had this quarter, it can come to more than $1 billion a year. So we still have very good cash flow and we also have a big treasury with $4 billion of cash which is just under $10 a share with our new share count. So we do not feel cash constrained and the way we think about our share repurchase has not changed over the -- as a result of the split-off of Lorillard. When I look at CNA I'm not looking at it -- I do look at it relative to this sector but I don't look at it in terms of outperforming or not. I look at it in terms of I want CNA to provide good, solid returns for us in the context of what's available within the industry and I also wanted to do that without providing any surprises in the future. It is very easy in the insurance industry to &quot;show good returns,&quot; All you have to do is short your reserves I want to make sure CNA is always well reserved. I think we've got great management at CNA now. I think we've got a good transition planned. So I'm just very positive about the performance of CNA going forward. I don't want to talk about hypotheticals like that. I just want to say, though, that where I thought you were going was if there was a meltdown of the financial markets, I think that the CNA portfolio is in terrific shape in order to take advantage of that. And in fact, we've been doing that in certain markets now that have seen particular stress, we've been allocating more and more capital to those markets. So we actually -- we're actually having a pretty good time in these markets, notwithstanding the stress, or in fact because of the stress. Good morning, David. I read your report earlier today and I don't want to disappoint you. I have no comment. You're talking about borrowing money in order to buy back shares? Our system is actually increasing pretty significantly. We added hotels in Boston, in Washington, we have the new Cabana Bay Beach Resort in Orlando, we have a new hotel that is going to have the Loews name in a few months in Minneapolis. So our system is expanding. And that should -- while the system is expanding our overhead expenses are not. So yes, that should help us very much with our efficiency. That's correct. First of all, gas has actually been staging a pretty significant rally. The 12-month strip in the past four or five months is up about I think $0.90. Hold on one second. The strip is up to $3.56, whereas in April it was about $1 lower, so there has been a significant rally in gas prices already. Spot gas prices are less -- I looked about just under $3.20 in Mcf. Just as a reminder, that is going to be equivalent to about $19 a barrel of oil so even though gas has had a significant rally, it is still very, very cheap relative to oil. And at the $3.20 level, it's still at a price where for most people drilling for natural gas or dry gas, it is generally uneconomic to drill at these prices. So we have seen the rig count, the natural gas rig count in the past year or so virtually cut in half as people are laying down natural gas rigs. I think that the rally in natural gas has already started but it still has a ways to go and I think as I have said before on these calls, I think that the steady state equilibrium price for natural gas in the United States is probably somewhere between $4 and $4.50 in Mcf. We have at HighMount, we have been looking to diversify our portfolio. We have plenty of gas in the ground that can be produced at higher natural gas prices. And so we have been -- we have acquired last year properties that we think are rich in oil and our drilling programs have been focused on drilling for oil and natural gas liquid. So we are moving to diversify HighMount away from just being focused on natural gas. Yes, because right now the mark-to-market on the investments at CNA is pretty much a wash, it doesn't have much of an effect on book value. So I don't think that going forward in the future that the level of interest rate will have a significant impact on the price of CNA's stock. I think people will look through book value and instead look towards the underlying operating income of the Company on a quarterly and annual basis. I think that if interest rates were to spike up and therefore the book value were to decline again, I don't think that would be such a significant factor. Thank you. Believe it or not, there absolutely was no connection between the two. CNA came to the realization on their own that they had excess capital and wanted to pay a special dividend and so notified us. The people at CNA did not know what was going on at Boardwalk and, likewise, we did not tell them, nor did we prod them for a special dividend. This was purely coincidence. CNA portfolio is about $41 billion. That's right. We've had lots and lots of different reasons for doing these transactions. Thank you, Mary, and welcome to the Loews Corporation. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Loews' fourth-quarter and year-end results. I'll cover a few key highlights for the year and then turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our CFO, to review our results in more detail. As you know by now, net income for the full-year 2011 was $2.63 per share, as compared to $3.07 in the prior year. While net income was down year-over-year, it masked positive developments at several of our key subsidiaries. But before I discuss our individual businesses, let's take a moment to focus on the strategic management of Loews. As I have said before, we focus on three basic strategic principles, all with the goal of building long-term shareholder value. First, we constantly focus on making opportune investments in acquisitions that position us for future growth. This past year, Loews did not make any acquisitions at the Holding Company level. However, we did facilitate significant investments for two of our subsidiaries, Boardwalk and HighMount, that should serve to greatly enhance long-term value of those companies and ultimately Loews. Our second basic principle to create long-term value is to effectively manage and allocate Loews' capital. In that regard, in 2011 we spent $718 million buying back 18.2 million shares of Loews common stock, an investment which we think significantly enhances value for all Loews shareholders. And third, we constantly work to enhance our subsidiaries' operating performance and capital structure. In 2011, Loews and our subsidiaries continued to weather the economic storm while positioning ourselves for the future. Our subsidiaries made great progress in meeting the strategic imperatives they set to make their business and operations stronger and better able to compete in any economic climate. I am very pleased with the progress that each of our subsidiaries is making. With respect to our subsidiaries, let's first take a look at CNA. The company continues to work towards its main strategic goal of improving the market position and profitability of its core P&C operations. It's happening now is the problem. I'd say that the difference is that the price decline of oil has probably been greater than any cycle other than, like in the beginning of the 80s when Sheikh Yamani decided when Saudi Arabia was a swing producer and producing 4 million barrels a day that they were done with that. So we've gone in price from I don't know what was the top price, a $120 -- who remembers -- it's down to $27. So that's just an enormous, enormous price decline. And the other thing that's happened is that this decline has been dramatically longer than prior declines. So, what I see is that that has really wearing down the major E&P companies, the independent E&P companies; all of them. They were suffering from dramatic drops in their cash flow. For the large companies, they're doing everything they can to maintain their dividends, which means that they don't have the cash to invest in the exploration and production and what that means to me, as I said previously, that they are going to have a big hole in their production profile in the next two to five years, when those projects that they otherwise would have invested in now and last year, obviously don't come online two and three years from now. So, as I said, there will be a big hole in production in those coming years and that's what makes me bullish about oil prices in those coming years. OK. First of all, I think that if prices just stay where they are, we'll do very well with this investment. But as for longer term, I think that gas is more and more going to be the fuel of choice as we move into a world that's worried about global warming and greenhouse gases. Combined with that, we're seeing a reserve base in the United States that's at best, I'd say, staying flat. We're seeing reduced imports of natural gas from Canada, and I think we're going to see demand in the form of industrial, commercial, and residential uses. The one place where we could see increases in supply is in LNG, and LNG is now becoming -- liquid natural gas is now becoming an international commodity. But my guess is that we're nonetheless going to see a tight supply/demand situation in the United States over the long term as LNG just makes up for the declines in our producing assets. No. No, we do not factor in any synergistic opportunities here. Let me just restate it if I could. If you go back five years, virtually all of our free cash flow came from Lorillard. Now, we have significant sources of cash flow coming to Loews. We have, first of all, the dividend coming from CNA which should be -- based on the $0.10 a quarter dividend, should be about $100 million a year. We received a special dividend from Diamond Offshore and anticipate receiving regular dividends for the rest of the year, so that should be about, I think, $300 million or so. We have dividends or distributions coming from Boardwalk, which on a pre-tax basis should probably be between $150 and $200 million a year, based on the current dividends, distributions that they are paying. And then we also have the distributions from Lorillard, but we also have the investment income on our cash balances, which if you use just a money market rate of return, should be, on a pre-tax basis, in excess of $250 million a year. So, there is very significant cash flow that is coming up to the parent that has been dramatically diversified over the years and our goal is to continue diversifying that the cash flow. Maybe yes, maybe no. Investment bankers would love for us to do it because it generates lots of fees. We look at it from time to time but the only way we would do it is if, number one, it creates value for Loews' shareholders. And number two, if it's a transaction that is also of value to whoever will be buying this paper. And right now, we have not convinced ourselves of either one of those two facts. So, we've done nothing. Good morning. Yes, it is a joint venture -- two separate joint ventures but the same investor. We don't know what's going to be distributed out of the HSC as a result of the sale, but you can multiply 4 by 112, and it will be a significant percentage of that. Josh, we do not comment on why we buy assets or don't buy them. There are lots of reasons for us not buying an asset, other than we don't think the price is appropriate. And we just as a rule don't try to justify the lack of action. We do not maintain an enormous equity exposure. Our equity exposure is on the order now of, I'd say $400 million. No, not at all. Look, revenues are down. When revenues are down, you can't call that a growth industry. But it was never billed as a growth industry. It's cyclical industry. We've come off the peak of the cycle and now the cycle is headed down with price cutting. But nonetheless, CNA was able to earn more than $200 million this quarter. So I am not -- I'm always concerned about all our companies, but I'm not overly concerned about CNA. So there's about, I guess, $400,000 to $500,000 in stocks and another $900,000 or so in hedge funds of one sort or another and then the rest is in money market instruments of one sort or another that are paying us very, very little. Andy, I have to be honest with you, I'm sorry you asked the question. A portion of the increase in reserves is a result of revisions that came about because the natural gas prices are higher than they were before. But as the drill bit -- I don't think I have the number right here. Just looking to see exactly how much we replaced at the drill bit and how much was revision. I think the biggest level of opportunity for those that want to pursue things that are down and out is the energy market. And we read in the newspapers lots of people who -- lots of people and organizations that are loading their guns looking to make investments in the energy market. Beyond that I don't see anything that's as obvious. And I think part of the problem goes back to interest rates. Interest rates are extraordinarily low. With 10-year notes trading below 2% and long bonds trading at 2.5%, there is no doubt in my mind that the what the Federal Reserve has done through its quantitative easing is created a squeeze in the long end of the market. There are plenty of investors that need long dated securities for pension funds and other types of products that they offer, and they just can't get enough of those securities. The Fed owns probably $4 trillion -- $3.5 trillion or $4 trillion of long dated securities, those are securities that are out of the market. So as a result there is a squeeze as people clamor for securities that just are not available. So I believe that intermediate to long rates are at manipulated low rates and the problem with that is that the 10- and 30-year treasury act as benchmarks for all manner of investments in the financial markets and the real estate markets and the capital spending market. So those that are making the decision on either stocks, capital spending or real estate are using a benchmark that, in my opinion, is below its free market rate and that is going to -- that causes many, many assets to be overpriced compared to where we would think the fair market value of those assets is. I read your report earlier today and I don't want to disappoint you. I have no comment. Both what? As you know, the basic modus operandi of the Company has been to pay down the notional debt as quickly as possible. And then once that's done, to pay dividends -- pay as much as possible in dividends, while also maintaining the financial strength and solvency of Lorillard, and also keeping Carolina Group on a good, financial balance. So we have no plans beyond that. That is an issue, but the amount of oil that is produced from onshore shale formation is relatively low compared to the amount of oil that is produced worldwide. So just rough order of magnitude, there is 100 million barrels a day of oil that are produced in the world and the amount that comes from shale formations is less than 5% of that. If you look back a few years it is dramatically lower. And the question I think you are asking is whether in the next five years instead of being 5% that amount can be 10%, 15% or 20%. And my guess is that that will not happen. That shale is a significant factor here in the United States, but it is not a significant factor in the rest of the world. And that has to do with a lot of things that we have here in the United States that don't obtain in the rest of the world. It has to do with the legal regime. It has to do with the fact that mineral rights are owned by the land owner, not by the state. It has to do with the entrepreneurial drive. It has to do with the fact that there is a oil service industry here that is very, very highly developed. It has to do with pipelines in place and transportation and roads and population density. And again, all of those have come together here in the United States and for one reason or another tend not to exist on nearly the same scale in the rest of the world. So, for the time being my guess is -- my strong guess is that the shale revolution that we are seeing here in the United States will not -- will not occur in the same scale internationally and therefore won't be significant factor with respect to the Offshore Drilling markets. Pete is looking that up. Listen. That is two, three, four-decade view. Having said that, we are still going to be using natural gas, we are still going to be using oil. The only way we can use natural gas is to move it from one place to another. Decline curves are very real and significant. So I am not saying in that article that I see the imminent demise of offshore drilling or people no longer -- people shutting off their natural gas to keep their homes in the winter. But it is just, as I said, a very long-term trend and in the meantime, our energy subsidiaries are open for business to drill wells for anybody that wants to drill them, to produce natural gas and to move natural gas throughout the country. No. Those just go straight into our income. We treat those as trading securities and we mark them to market every quarter. And then beyond that, we have the standard run of securities, many of which yield close zero, repo's, and other short-term investments. And then just some modest fixed tern investments. This quarter, the increase that you saw in investment income at the Loews level was due primarily to the change in market value of that portfolio's equity securities as well as the limited partnership investments. My view on the debt crisis and the government shutdown was that, number one, I assumed that eventually the government would reopen; and number two, I assumed that all interest and principal on the debt would be paid on a timely basis. And that in fact that whole crisis that we experienced from September -- mid-September to mid-October, while it took up the front pages of the newspaper and took a lot of ink in the investment world, it really wasn't that important in terms of thinking about long-term investing. And the issues that were around before the crisis and after the crisis are really the ones that are our focus on deciding when, where and how to invest. Good morning, everybody. In the context of a difficult economic and financial landscape, Loews had a relatively good year in 2002. As you can see from our earnings release, and will hear more about in Pete Keegan's discussion of our financial results in a few moments, Loews recorded net earnings of $290m for the fourth quarter and $941m for the year. Worthy of mentioning in today's operating climate is that all five of Loews' major subsidiaries were profitable for both the quarter and the year. Book value per share rose to $61.68 at the end of 2002, up from $49.24 at the end of 2001. Primarily due to the purchase of $750m of preferred equity from CNA in the fourth quarter of 2002, Loews did not buy back any shares in the fourth quarter. For all of '02, Loews spent a little more than $340m to repurchase approximately 6.1 million shares of stock. Loews repurchases its shares opportunistically, but as many of you know it may at times be precluded from buying its shares for a number of reasons, including certain corporate events. Most of the funds from Loews's purchase of preferred stock from CNA will be used by CNA to pay down its maturing debt, while a portion will be allocated to improve the statutory surplus of Continental Casualty Company, CNA's primarily property casualty subsidiary. Loews will receive an initial dividend of 8 percent per year from its preferred equity investment which will be adjusted quarterly at a rate equal to 400 basis points above the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate. CNA could have refinanced its debt in the capital markets, but credit spreads were a bit too wide for CNA's taste. Hopefully, CNA will find the corporate bond market more accommodative in the future. In the meantime, this arrangement will help to improve CNA's earning power and its standard with its rating agencies. There are many positive developments that have taken place this past year at CNA and there are many that are still going on. Prices across CNA's property casualty lines increased 27 percent year over year in '02 which brings the compound annual change of prices over the past two years to almost 22 percent. From CNA's vantage point, there are no signs that this trend will let up any time soon. At the same time retention rates averaged 70 percent in '02 and increased progressively over the course of the year, as CNA completed initiatives to shed unprofitable classes of business. CNA also found a good number of opportunities to write new business under favorable terms. Much has been made of the reserve actions taken by other property casualty insurers in the last few days and weeks. CNA increased its reserves substantially more than a year and a half ago on account of the developments that many of its competitors are only now acknowledging. CNA remains comfortable with the level of its reserves. For more about CNA, please go to the CNA Web site and listen to the conference call that it held earlier this morning. Lorillard performed well in 2002, even though the marketplace became much more competitive for tobacco companies during the year. It's net income declined only slightly as Newport managed to increase its overall market share on slightly lower volumes. I'm not going to go into many details on Lorillard because Marty Orlowski, the CEO of Lorillard, will discuss the company's performance and the current pricing environment for tobacco products in just a few minutes. Diamond Offshore is currently in contract discussions with potential customers for both the Ocean Baroness which was recently upgraded to fifth generation capacity and the Ocean Rover which is currently undergoing a similar conversion to fifth generation status. Day rates for these rigs are expected to be in the six-figure territory and should yield annual cash on cash returns of about 15 percent on a combined investment of about $380m. Although it is encouraging that Diamond Offshore's equipment is generally finding acceptance with customers, the offshore drilling market remains very weak. Oil and gas prices are at levels that should justify more exploration and production activity, but energy companies are apparently still wary of future price volatility and have been very selective in developing new drilling programs. As a result, Diamond Offshore recorded only a small profit in the fourth quarter. Diamond Offshore has used the cyclical weakness in its market to repurchase its stock and to acquire assets. It recently bought two third-generation rigs in the fourth quarter at very low prices, about 35 or 40 percent below prices that it would have had to pay two years ago. It has also tried to distance itself from its competitors during this period of market weakness by using the strength of its balance sheet to enhance its fleet. In addition to the upgrades that it has performed on the Ocean Baroness and the Ocean Rover, a good part of Diamond Offshore's jackup fleet is undergoing significant capital improvements. For Loews Hotels, the lodging business has not been particularly robust of late. For the year, occupancy rates were roughly flat compared to '01, but room rates were somewhat softer. In the fourth quarter of '02, slightly higher room rates versus the year earlier period led to weaker occupancy figures. Despite the sluggish hotel market, Loews Hotels has been able to find attractive opportunities by which to expand its portfolio. It recently entered a contract to open and manage the Loews New Orleans Hotel which is expected to open in the fall of '03. This past summer, Loews Hotels successfully opened the Royal Pacific Hotel in Orlando in collaboration with Universal Rank Hotel Partners. The Royal Pacific located at Universal Orlando Amusement Park has so far exceeded all projections and if all of you on the phone would go to some of our hotels we'd do yet even better. The weakness in consumer spending patterns did not impact Bulova too severely in the quarter and the year. Bulova's performance was helped by the strength of the Whittnauer brand which it added to its portfolio in late '01. Also, there was the success of its license agreement with the Harley Davidson brand and significant increases in unit sales of the Caravelle brand. In '02, Bulova also acquired certain assets of Heirloom, a custom woodworking company that specializes in the manufacture of grandfather clocks. Heirloom, which is located in Ontario, Canada, will operate as a subsidiary of Bulova under the name, The Art of Time, and will produce high quality, custom-made Bulova grandfather clocks for sale in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. Bulova continued to develop its exposure to international markets in '02. After successfully launching a subsidiary in Mexico, Bulova opened an office in Fribourg, Switzerland, this past year to use as a springboard to the European market. Active discussions with distributors in other parts of the world where Bulova is not yet represented are also ongoing. Aggregate gains for the year in our investment portfolio were the result of an overweighted exposure to fixed income securities which generally performed very well in 2002. In the fourth quarter, the portfolios were repositioned to reflect our more cautious view on the direction of long-term interest rates. Towards the end of the year, we also began to tiptoe-I said tiptoe, back into common stocks. In sum, 2002 posed many challenges for Loews and its subsidiaries, but we are pleased with the way that these challenges were met and think that we are well positioned for future success in each of our businesses. I'd now like to turn the discussion over to Pete Keegan who will talk about the finances of Loews. So, I want to start by saying the business isn't broken. That CNA last year paid dividends of I don't know $800 million and year before I think a similar amount. So, it is generating significant amounts of excess capital that it's returning. But, we do believe that it can be at better, and I think that under Tom Motamed, since January 2009, there has been tremendous progress in improving CNA's commercial lines business as well as its specialty lines business. Tom has done an excellent job, but the job is not complete. And what the Company is focused on now is risk selection through better underwriting and also reduction of the expense ratio, which in this competitive market is just too high. That's been going on for a while and that's the basic mandate that Dino Robusto who will be the new CEO in six or eight months will have. And I feel that he is very much up to the job and I think there is a lot of room to improve the expense ratio and there is additionally some room to improve the loss ratio. No, not at all. Look, revenues are down. When revenues are down, you can't call that a growth industry. But it was never billed as a growth industry. It's cyclical industry. We've come off the peak of the cycle and now the cycle is headed down with price cutting. But nonetheless, CNA was able to earn more than $200 million this quarter. So I am not -- I'm always concerned about all our companies, but I'm not overly concerned about CNA. You talking about -- There are 2 things to do with cash from -- cash dividends that Loews receives from Carolina Group. Either, 1, we can pay them as dividends, or number 2, we can pay down the debt. In paying down the debt, we reduce the interest charges on the debt. And that debt then reduces yet even more rapidly. For example, in the past, in '04, we had our interest expense of $157.5 million, down from $182 million. That's the -- the dividend, as you know, is a decision of the Board of Directors. But right now, I think that the focus is on trying to bring down the debt, which currently has an interest rate of 8 percent -- to bring that down, and then once that's brought down, then cash dividends to shareholders could increase dramatically, as all the earnings from Lorillard would then be paid out as dividends, both to our Carolina Group holders as well as Loews Corporation. Well, in terms of us buying more, I say the same thing about our purchases of Diamond that I'd say about our purchases of Loews which is that we don't comment on it. With respect to the replacement value, let me give you a few benchmarks and then you can compute your own replacement value. If you want to build a new fifth generation rate today, it will cost you between 600 and $650 million. If you want to build a new 300 foot jack-up today, it will probably cost you about 170 or $180 million and both of those rigs would take about three to four years to actually get delivery of. We love all our children and we are very positive about all of them and we'd don't think about disposing of any of them. You mean in the GP. Say again? My pleasure. So, first of all, the comparison with Boone Pickins, I sort of accept that as a compliment. I want to say though that I am not calling for the government to fund anything with respect to getting to increased consumption of natural gas. I believe that the free market can do that on its own. With respect to --. Because Loews finances provides a lot of the finance for Loews Hotels, which is much easier when it is 100% owned. Combined with the fact that I don't know that there is a really great business purpose to take Loews Hotels public. Being public is a lot different than being owned privately. And at this point in time the management of Loews Hotels is focused on growing their business and not on dealing with shareholders who are looking for growth or lord knows what else. Yes. In terms of the portfolio, we're reducing our exposure to municipals. We're increasing our exposure to corporate. This is all in, primarily in CNA. No, no, no. That's just to develop the proved undeveloped. We provide it graphically. It is pretty easy for anyone to do. All you do is take the outstanding number of shares of Loews; and you look at how many shares of each subsidiary we have; and that tells you how much per share of Loews we have in each subsidiary. So just roughly speaking, for every share of Loews, there are about 0.62 shares of CNA; there are about 0.18 shares of Diamond; and about 0.32 shares of Boardwalk. Like I said, that's simple division. That is the number of shares of each subsidiary that we own, divided by the number of Loews shares outstanding. Yes, at year end we had $250 million to $300 million of equity. We had another $900 million or so of limited partnership investments. And the rest was in primarily fixed income or money market instruments. Yes, the shale boom I think has surprised everybody. We bought HighMount in '07, gas prices proceeded to go up for a year. When we bought HighMount, gas prices were about $7.50 in Mcf. They almost doubled in the next year, going to $14.50 in Mcf in July of '08, and then they went down steadily. At one point, it hit the $1 handle about a year ago, and that's all due to the shale boom, I believe. The shale boom really became recognized as a permanent phenomenon in those sum -- beginning in the summer of '08, and people now have a pretty good understanding of just how significant it is and it is rather significant. Having said that, I would say that natural gas prices at $4 an Mcf are below the cost of production, even for many of the shale players. So I think that two things will happen in the world of natural gas. Number one, I think that slowly but surely production will come down because the industry is operating -- many people in the industry are operating at negative cash flow. And the other thing that will happen is that natural gas consumption, I believe, over the next several years will increase significantly. Right now, natural gas trades for about 30% of the per BTU that oil trades for, and I think that that spread is just too big to last for a long time. And I think what we're going to see is increased consumption of natural gas to the detriment of oil consumption. But as I said, that's not going to happen in a month or two. That will take a few years for that to happen, but it could add a few percentage points of consumption every year to natural gas. Thank you, Darren. Good morning, and thanks for joining us on our call today. For the third quarter, Loews reported net income of $36 million versus $468 million in the prior year's third quarter. The decline primarily reflects a $328 million after-tax charge related to CNA's previously reported agreement to cede its legacy asbestos and pollution liabilities to a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. Additionally, all results reflect lower net income from Diamond Offshore, which saw lower rig utilization rates, due primarily to the Deepwater Horizon accident and its aftermath. Apart from the charge associated with the legacy asbestos and pollution liability loss portfolio transfer, net operating income SG&A declined, in large part as a result of decreased limited partnership income. This was partially offset by favorable prior-year reserve development of $93 million in CNA's property and casualty operations, which lowered the calendar year loss ratio by over six points. This was CNA's fifteenth consecutive quarter of favorable prior-year reserve development, reflecting disciplined underwriting and reserving practices. CNA's investment portfolio continued to perform well, with its unrealized gain position improving by $1.2 billion from the end of the second quarter. Over the same period, CNA's book value increased 6% to $42.76. But before you celebrate too much, I would caution that increases in interest rates and credit spreads can negatively impact CNA's unrealized gain position and book value per share. During the third quarter, CNA completed a $500 million debt offering with proceeds going towards paying down the $1 billion of outstanding senior preferred stock held by Loews. Additionally, CNA today announced that it intends to redeem, out of internally generated funds, the remaining $500 million of preferred stock during the fourth quarter. The full redemption of the $1.25 billion of preferred securities issued just two years ago reflects the strong financial position of CNA. This morning, CNA also announced that it has proposed to acquire, for $22 per share, all of the outstanding shares of common stock of its 62% owned subsidiary, CNA Surety Corporation, that are currently not owned by CNA. This offer, representing a 14% premium to the closing price on Friday, provides CNA Surety's minority shareholders the opportunity to monetize their investment at a substantial premium to the current and historical stock price. For CNA, the transaction represents an investment in a business that it knows well and, at the proposed price, is expected to be modestly accretive to earnings and have only a slight impact on its capital position. The transaction offers compelling benefits for the shareholders of both companies and is consistent with CNA's strategic objective to grow its specialty franchise. Diamond Offshore's third quarter results were negatively impacted by the US Gulf of Mexico drilling moratorium, which has caused a contractual force majeur dispute with a customer, related to the Ocean Monarch. Aside from rigs being idle in the Gulf, Diamond's results for the quarter also reflect higher than normal rig down-time, related to special surveys, shipyard maintenance and acceptance testing, as well as the mobilization of rigs out of the US Gulf. Although the moratorium has been lifted, the Bureau of Energy -- Ocean Energy Management has issued drilling permits at a markedly slower pace than before the moratorium. Drilling cannot commence unless companies obtain these permits. And Diamond believes the permitting process will be slow for the foreseeable future, especially for new, deep-water oil wells. Fortunately for Diamond, it only has three marketed floating rigs remaining in the US Gulf, and all of these rigs have had their blow-out preventers independently certified in accordance with regulations, and have had the certifications accepted by the DOEM. While a degree of uncertainty persists in the US Gulf, international markets remain relatively stable, supported by healthy oil prices. Diamond's Board of Directors recently declared regular and special dividends amounting to $0.875 per share, payable in the fourth quarter, which is the same amount that was paid in the prior quarter. These dividends represent over $60 million of cash to be received by Loews in the fourth quarter. Boardwalk Pipeline's third quarter results reflect higher revenues, mainly attributable to gas transportation on its major pipeline expansion projects. An important market dynamic is the basis spread between (inaudible) receipt and delivery locations on Boardwalk's pipeline systems. These spreads have narrowed adversely, affecting the transportation rates that Boardwalk is able to charge on the spot market. However, strong long-term demand for new pipeline capacity has created opportunities for expansion projects that yield high utilization rates from these new assets. One such expansion project, the Haynesville project, was placed into service last month. Customers have contracted substantially all of the firm capacity on this project, at a weighted average contract life of more than 12 years. Another project, the Clarence compression project, has received FERC approval to proceed and is expected to be in service late next year. Customer contracts for this project have a weighted average life of approximately 11 years. Last month, Boardwalk received approval from the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administration to operate its Fayetteville lateral at the higher operating pressure for which it was designed. With this final approval from [FEMSA] in place, all of Boardwalk's major pipeline expansion projects have now been approved to operate at their full design capacity. Boardwalk declared a quarterly distribution of $0.515 per unit, continuing its track record of increasing cash distributions to unit holders each quarter since its initial public offering in 2005. Limited and general partner distributions represent approximately $66 million of cash to be received by Loews in the fourth quarter. At HighMount Exploration & Production, we were pleased that the Company has named Steve Hinchman as President and Chief Executive Officer. Steve possesses 30 years of experience in the E&P industry, most recently as Chief Operating Officer of Callon Petroleum Company, and prior to that, as Senior Vice President of Worldwide Production for Marathon Oil Company. His leadership and experience will be of great value to HighMount's ongoing success. And finally, during the quarter we repurchased 2.3 million shares of Loews common stock, at a total cost of $84 million or an average of about $36.50 per share. This brings the number of outstanding shares to 416.2 million as of September 30. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete? I would say things are getting somewhat better. Somewhat better is in between marginally better and a lot better. We have seen average room rates increase somewhat. We have seen pretty good occupancy, and that has come about generally from the transient traveler, as opposed to the group traveler. We are starting to see some signs of life again from the group travelers. If you remember, the group travel business was pretty much killed off in 2008 as people in Washington were criticizing AIG and others -- AIG and Citibank and others, for having group meetings. As I said, that is now coming back, but it is nowhere near where it was. When we look at RevPAR, which is the revenue per available room, we see that it has improved versus its low, but it is still about 20% below the levels that it achieved in 2007. So there is still plenty of room for improvement. Yes, yes. Well, as you know, Standard & Poor's has said in their write-ups on Loews that they want Loews to have $2.5 billion of cash. I'd appreciate it if you would send your cards and letters to Standard & Poor's telling them you think that's a ridiculous benchmark for them to have for Loews. But beyond that, the other thing is that Loews is unlike other companies. Loews has a history of buying its shares when they are just very, very cheap. And even though S&P may give its release on that $2.5 billion number or requirement, that doesn't necessarily mean that we're going to buy in shares. When we buy in shares, we can't then turn around, unlike others, and sell them and a later point in time. So we are very careful when we do make those purchases. And that net worth covenant is to maintain net worth of at least $921 million. Let me talk about the management of the cash, first of all. Our portfolio has not changed significantly. We have equity securities representing between 10% and 15% of the $4 billion that Loews has on its balance sheet. And then we also have an investment in limited partnerships, which are fairly liquid, that also represents another 10% to 15% of the portfolio. It's -- I don't know what it's going to do. It's just the state of affairs though. In terms of dividends, that is an issue that, obviously, is entirely up to the Board of Directors. As you know, historically, Loews has not been a company that pays out a high percentage of its net income in the form of dividends, but instead we've used the cash in order to, number one, repurchase our shares, and number two, make acquisitions. Just to remind you of our long and glorious history of share repurchases, today we have outstanding about one third of the number of shares that were outstanding in 1970. It is my belief that the significant outperformance of Loews versus the S&P 500 over those years was due significantly to the share repurchases that took place over that time period. That is all a long way of saying that it is in our DNA to use the Loews cash very selectively in order to increase asset values. In my mind, whether the Company pays a dividend or -- a higher dividend or a lower dividend, the value will be reflected in the shares of the stock. So to the extent that you'd want the Company to pay a higher dividend and it's not paying it, then by selling off 1% or 2% of your shares every year, you should be able to achieve the same economics as if the Company had paid a higher dividend. I can't help you on that. Maybe you need to talk to your shrink about it. I like it a lot. I think -- as I said in my remarks, I think oil companies and the world in general are dramatically under investing in oil production capacity. I think that -- I think, I believe, I know that depletion is real, that oil wells do not continue producing forever. Some of them decline at 70% a year, some of them decline at 5% a year, but all of them decline. And to the extent that the world is not reinvesting in new productive capacity, those declines in production will be felt in the coming years. Combined with that, even though some say that oil demand growth is sluggish, oil demand is still continuing to increase every year, generally on the order by about 1 million barrels a day or about 1%. So, as you add a few years together of under investment combined with continued demand growth, I think you can see that in a few years time prices will have to go up in order to provide the investment returns needed by oil companies in order to make the investment in more productive capacity. And I think that in two years time that will certainly happen. In prior calls I've said that $65 was my fearless forecast for year end 2018 oil. I think there is a good chance that oil will be significantly higher than that -- on the order of say $10 a barrel. Diamond Offshore is playing close to $100 million on a quarterly basis. CNA, I said, is the sum of the quarterly dividends which is $140 million. We are doing a few things. I will fill in more of the blanks next quarter, after Steve Hinchman has had a chance to be at the Company for more than a month. It would take approval of the Board of Directors and it will also take at least an improvement in the ratings profile of CNA. So we have been reducing our hedge fund investments over the past year or year and a half. What I would say is -- I have a slightly different take on this than Buffett. I would say the space has become very crowded and returns have been competed away. When 20 years ago there were one or two or 10 pairs traders, market neutral hedge funds could earn very, very attractive returns. Now that there are hundreds of them, the rate of return that those hedge funds can earn has come down rather dramatically. While Warren Buffett complained about the fees, instead we are looking at the returns and what we have seen is that in the past number of years and especially more recently, the returns haven't been there. So we have reduced our investment in hedge funds. What we are doing is we are holding those proceeds for a time when other risk assets seem to be very attractive in the marketplace. That happened between November and February of this year with bank debt and below investment grade bonds but the market recovered very quickly. But my anticipation is that in the future there will be plenty of other opportunities to invest in what we consider to be attractively priced risk assets. That's my hope and expectation. So, Diamond goes first and I leave it to the Board to decide specifically what they want to do with respect to share repurchases. And then we also had -- for the quarter, we had trading portfolio gains in '04 of about 38 million compared to 77 million in the prior year. And for the full year, we had trading portfolio gains of about 98 million compared to about 118 in the prior year. Yes. We are positioned very conservatively. We still have a lot of cash at the parent company level. The cash, treasury bills, REPO's and fixed maturities make up about two thirds of the entire investment portfolio. And so we're not being heros here. We should produce in the course of a year, between 100 and 125 BTFs of natural gas. So every dollar a share -- dollar an MCF change in price for natural gas leads to a pretax income change of $100 to $125 million. Well, those securities are basically mark to market every quarter, and they have generated extraordinary earnings for Carolina Group, just as the $1 billion-plus portfolio of partnership investments for CNA has generated extraordinary investments for them. We don't see anything extraordinary in the negative sense coming from those investments. There are definitely no updates. CNA, as you know, has a minus rating with negative outlooks from Moody's and Standard and Poors. We have an A rating from Best with a negative outlook. We are hopeful that at some point in time in the near future, that the negative outlook will come off and we're also hopeful that at some point beyond that, that CNA's ratings will be increased. My understanding is that if you look statistically, you see that CNA's ratings are about two levels below where they would otherwise be and I think that's the result of the reserve strengthening that CNA did in both '01 and '03. The book of business at CNA has changed very dramatically over the past several years and we have a lot of confidence in the level of CNA's reserves and we believe that when the rating agencies get a similar level of confidence, which will hopefully not take too much longer, that they will see fit to begin the process of increasing CNA's rating. Yes. Right now we don't have any plans for that. Right now we are interested in growing our Hotel business in what we would call an asset-light manner. We understand that to do that may require bridge financing from Loews, similar to the bridge financing that we provided to Boardwalk for their acquisition earlier this year. But we are looking at a number of different opportunities, and we are hopeful that over the coming years that our Hotel business can grow. Yes, hold on one second. We have hedged 70% of our volume at -- this year, the hedge for our '08 -- for all of our '08 hedges, going back from the beginning when we started hedging, so that goes back into '07 is $8.42. And for our '09 hedges the average price is about $9.05. Yes, we really haven't changed too much. We have like $500 million or $600 million of equities and a slightly greater amount of Limited Partnership investments. Then beyond that, we are fixed income and treasury bills. My pleasure. You know, you're talking about far in the future and I just don't know. Okay, so let me take a stab at it and tell me if I answered your question. So CNA is the big gorilla in the room. CNA, as you correctly say, represents two-thirds of the value of Loews and also generates probably -- this past year generated 80% or 85% of our cash flow. Behind that are Boardwalk and Diamond Offshore. I would say that both are recuperating. Diamond Offshore, as you know, cut its dividend so that it could get off of the MLP treadmill -- cut that distribution in January and has been able to finance its growth with primarily internally-generated funds. And as I said in my remarks, has very good growth prospects going forward. We are looking forward to that $1.5 billion of organic growth coming on line. There's still more organic growth that they are hoping to put on the books. So even though Boardwalk isn't paying out significant dividends, it is building its business and its network and we are really very pleased with that. At Diamond Offshore, it is the strongest company in its industry. It has investment-grade ratings. It's got cash available to it to invest and it's just waiting for the opportune time to invest in more rig assets. Diamond Offshore, as you well recall, between 2006 and 2014, paid out $41 a share of dividends. So to Loews Corporation, that represented almost $3 billion and there was a time when, instead of Diamond stock being $20 a share, it was 7 times higher, so it represented very significant value to Loews. Now I'm not predicting that Diamond is going to go back to $140 anytime soon. But I do think that in the fullness of time and once this oil cycle has played itself out and oil prices are back to what I would consider to be equilibrium prices, that Diamond Offshore shares can improve as well. And then, finally, I would say that, with respect to Loews Hotels, it doesn't have a lot of earnings, but it does have a lot of value. The hotels in our portfolio, many of them are the envy of a lot of people in the hotel business and the goal at Loews Hotels is to continue building the value of the Company. As I said, it may be difficult for you to see in the form of net income. We do show adjusted EBITDA as a measure to help give you some ability to value the business, but I would simply end by saying that, as I've said before, I love all my children. I love all our businesses and I think each one of them is doing well within the context of their industry. Let me take a shot at that. I don't think anybody really knows and I think we are going to have to wait and see. What we've seen, to date, is that there is increased scrutiny on the part of regulators. My guess is that increased scrutiny will continue and probably increase. But I don't think that anybody, at this point in time, probably not even the President, knows exactly what is going to be the new regime in the Gulf of Mexico and waters offshore of the United States once the dust settles from this tragedy. You know, we really haven't. We have been focused on growing HighMount's business, expanding it and diversifying it into oil and natural gas liquids, and putting in place a steady stream of production of those liquids. And that is still going to take some more time for us to fully diversify HighMount's production. So we are not thinking about what do we need to do in order to take this company public. That is just not on our radar screens. What's my feelings? No there wasn't. No. The industry has been growing since it bottomed in 2009. So, it's really interesting, we've had 2% growth in the economy in that period, 2% growth per year, but we've seen greater than 2% growth in the hotel business. The thing we haven't seen except in a few select markets has been over-building. So, to-date we're still seeing RevPAR growth in excess of inflation and in excess of the real GDP growth. So, we're seeing the transient individual traveler still traveling and we're also seeing business still booking big meetings, which is really what we do best in our business. So, I fully agree that the cycle can seem to be long in the tooth, but by the same token, we really haven't seen the signs of overbuilding that lead you to believe that the cycle is coming to an end. The transition expenses, we don't really want to give that number out right now. What was the other question? Michael, we have always done that but the thing I will also tell you is that we have no plans now to dispose of or distribute any other subsidiaries that we own. Yes, I don't want to get into specific industries. So, I'm just going to leave my answer with what I said. Well, the Company produces about 120 billion cubic feet per year, but there are some what we call VVP's, volumetric production payments that we have to pay that I think this year is about 8 or 10 B's. After that there won't be any VPP's at all. So you can compute the revenues by multiplying the net volume by whatever price you want to assume. By the way, that's statutory book value, not GAAP book value. It was about $5.1 billion. First, with respect to the parent company debt, we -- all $865 million of it will remain outstanding. In terms of Lorillard dividends, to the extent that there are -- to the extent that there are dividends those will be paid out to all the CG shareholders according to our standard waterfall that we use for the distribution of those funds. Yes, we are very pleased with it. It has delivered exactly what the management had said they would and could deliver a year and a half ago when we first met them. We like the nature of their drilling which is, as we described it, factory drilling. I think they had a 98% or 99% success rate ratio in drilling this past quarter. Reserves have gone up. We are very pleased with what we've got. We feel that we have now a significant base in this business that, if other opportunities come along, we have the management and the knowhow to take advantage of it. So, yes, we are very pleased and are happy to have HighMount as a subsidiary of ours. Sure. CNA is an integral part of Loews. Loews has owned or controlled CNA for almost 35 years now. And we describe ourselves as unabashedly a conglomerate. And we think that in that context, CNA fits in very well with Loews. We like the outlook and prospects for CNA. And so it's staying where it is. Say again? Yes. It's ideal because it keeps Loews in control of 100% of Lorillard, but allows investors to share in the economic fruit of the labors of Marty and his team. So it's just been an ideal structure for us. Yes. But I would just say that that's been our view for the past several quarters, so it's not new this quarter. Bob, we don't have that right now. No, it wasn't $10 million, it wasn't $25 million, it was $5 million and it really was a jaw-droppingly low price considering the assets that we were buying. I don't anticipate that in the offshore drilling business that we're going to get to those $5 million levels. But I do see that there is -- there are newbuild drill ships that are scheduled to come out of the yard that don't have contracts. There are also a number of very highly levered Offshore Drilling contractors in the industry. And it would not surprise me to see some of our competitors get into financial trouble where they are put into a position or where their lenders are put into a position that they have to sell rigs. And what Diamond has done is it has prepared itself for that possibility. Diamond has done this before, most recently in 2009 when we bought two rigs out of bankruptcy court, the Courage and the Valor. Those rigs are now both working profitably for Petrobras and just had their contracts renewed. So we are taking a wait and see attitude. Right now there is nothing to be done. But it is very possible in the next six months to one, two or three years, depending what happens to a lot of different things, there could be very interesting opportunities for Diamond. With respect to natural gas pipelines, it's a different story. We don't see the possibility at all of buying existing assets at cheap valuations. But what we do see is that there are very interesting opportunities to build new pipes to accommodate the significant increase in gas production that has to flow from the areas where the gas is being produced to the areas where the gas is actually being consumed. So that the Freeport LNG project that we just announced this quarter is such a case, where we're able to earn what we think will be very attractive -- a very attractive rate of return on assets and with typical MLP leverage of say 50% the rate of return on equity can be significantly higher. In terms of residual risk that we may have, I would instruct you to read our offering circulars where the lawyers go to great lengths to explain whatever risks that we have, that we may have going forward. In terms of investments. No, I don't think that splitting off Lorillard has changed the way we think about investments and how we are going to move forward on them. They say you can't teach an old dog new tricks. While I think of myself as a young person, when when it comes to investing, I consider myself an old dog and there are just certain principles that I have learned over the past 35 years of investing and those principles apply whether or not Loews owns an interest in a tobacco company. So, no, what we are looking to do, which is to create value, and how we are looking to do it hasn't changed at all. Yes, we will get it for you. It's probably 73 million -- 72.9 million. I think it was about 100%. That's right. Okay. Let me just add that Lorillard, as well as all of our other subsidiaries, operate on a truly stand-alone basis. So moving from being a subsidiary of Loews to an independent company, while it will require some minor increases in overhead, is not for Lorillard a major step to take. Completely. My guess is, that even in today's market of lower interest rates, that bondholders can demand a higher rate than 8% on that debt. Say again? For those who may not know, Lebanon is Lebanon, Ohio where the Texas Gas system ends and hands off [gas] to other systems. Your assumption is wrong. We don't -- we tend not to look at ROIC and WAC. We have a feel for our businesses. We monitor our businesses in the context of their industry -- how the businesses are doing in their industry but also how they're doing on an absolute level. And I don't believe you need a computer or an HP calculator in order to figure out whether an investment project makes sense or not. At Diamond Offshore, for example, we have what I would call a glorious history of doing upgrades on our Victory class rigs that have generated rates of return that have been dramatically high. At Boardwalk Pipelines the investment in this expansion coming out of Carthage, Texas is really the envy of the industry, and again you don't need a computer to tell you whether or not it makes sense. When we do capital investments we are not looking to beat our WAC by --. Thank you Josh. It's with a fair dose of disappointment that we report Loews' third quarter results today. As you've surely seen from our release, Loews recorded a significant net loss in the quarter due to reserve strengthening actions at our CNA subsidiary. The charges at CNA are the product of a thorough, bottoms up, third party review of reserves relating to company's asbestos, environmental pollution and (inaudible) exposures, as well as its construction defects and other volatile exposures. These charges will necessitate a further strengthening of CNA's capital base, which as is detailed in our earnings release this morning, will primarily be achieved through a capital plan that includes substantial support from Loews. In particular, Loews will purchase $750 million of a new series of CNA non-voting convertible preferred stock that is economically the equivalent of CNA common stock. Loews will also be offered up to an additional $500 million of additional capital support, to can, through the purchase of surplus notes of its principal insurance subsidiary, Continental Casualty, in case certain additions to Continental Casualty's statutory capital are not achieved by February 26, 2004. Loews has also indicated its commitment to provide up to an additional $150 million by March 31st, '04, in a form yet to be determined to support the statutory capital of Continental Casualty company in the event of additional shortfalls in relation to business and asset sales. CNA's capital plan also includes the October 2003 sale of CNA's reinsurance renewal rates and withdrawal from the assumed reinsurance business and CNA's previously announced initiative to reduce operating expenses by $200 million and plan changes in the ownership structure of certain insurance subsidiaries to align statutory capital more efficiently. We believe this to be a very robust capital plan, and we are pleased that CNA's rating agencies seem to agree. All four agencies have today reaffirmed their ratings of the Continental Casualty Company pool. Loews is optimistic about the prospects for CNA on the grounds that CNA's reserve and balance sheet adjustments are primarily related to the 2000 accident year and prior, while more recent accident years continue to be characterized by strength. CNA's property casualty business again showed improvement in this past quarter as new business production was brisk and rates increased by 18%. You know, when we think about investing, we think about buying outside of our business, about repurchasing our shares, and about investing in our subsidiaries. So, yes, with respect to Boardwalk, we have said that we are willing to commit $300 million in subordinated debt and we're also, on a case-by-case basis, willing to help them out with large investments. When we think -- so that will cause some -- we will have to reserve some of our cash for that. And, likewise, if Boardwalk moves ahead with the Bluegrass project, we will have to reserve cash for that. But, remember, we are going to have more cash flow at Loews this year from our subsidiaries, assuming the current dividend rate, compared to last year. So Loews will still have significant amounts of cash flow and we are starting from a base of $4.7 billion. So to the extent that we should find an acquisition candidate that we think has real long-term value creation possibility for us, we would be happy to move forward. No. It has been our modus operandi for a very long time. Under our ownership Lorillard's directive was to maximize its value in the cigarette business over the intermediate term. And to do that we wanted them to pay cash dividends, but we also wanted them to maintain and grow their business. Now as an independent company they will have greater leeway within both the tobacco business and the business world to create that value as they deem best. Sure. Net operating income includes investment income, but does not include capital gain or loss. So the net operating income of $318 million is what was earned in the insurance business, including the investment income on the portfolio. And then, additional to that -- additionally to that, there was a net $91 million loss on capital transactions within the CNA portfolio, so that resulted in a net income from continuing operations of $227 million. So when we got into the business in 1989, we got into it having been in the super tanker business. We got into super tankers in 1982-1983-1984, when seven year old ships were trading for scrap value. So, we were able to buy super tankers for $5 million apiece, that would cost $50 million to build. And when we got into the offshore drilling space, it was like the super tanker space of seven years prior. The difference right now is that day rates are down but there have been no transactions of rigs changing hands. And so, people that have rigs know that the value is down, but they're holding on for dear life because they don't want to sell because they sense -- correctly, I believe -- that the next bid is probably 30% or 40% below what they paid for their rig. So, whereas when we got into the business in 1989, there were rigs to be transacted, today that doesn't exist. And I think that will just be a matter of time before we do start to see transactions taking place. You know we don't look to hit homeruns. We look to hit singles. And one of the things that we always do is that we watch our downside. Watching the downside is much more important than -- a line I used last year, wondering how high the flowers will grow. We don't worry about that. And now is a time, because the future is so unclear, now is the time to be very defensive. You know in March of '07, Henry Kravis uttered those famous words, this is a golden era for private equity. And in March of '07, the future appeared very, very clear to everybody. It looked like we as a nation were going to have 2% to 4% economic growth as far as the eye could see. And then in June of '07, came the Bears Stearns hedge funds blow up and the world changed dramatically. So in March of '07, even though it looked like you could see very clearly, what's obvious in retrospect is that your forecast was dead wrong. Now I know for sure that we can't see clearly. I have no idea what the business environment is going to be in one or two quarters from now. I have no idea what growth -- economic growth is going to be. And the future is just very, very unclear. And in times when that future is unclear when there are no real benchmarks on which you can hold on to, to me that's a time when one should be very, very cautious. And so the investment in CNA -- I describe it as a -- it's a permanent preferred for CNA, but from my perspective, it's a bridge loan. And that CNA will pay it back as soon as they're able to because without paying it back, they can't pay a dividend to all the common shareholders which is what they really want to do. With respect to Boardwalk Pipelines, our $500 million purchase last week that closed this week, of equity, was an investment that will yield us, I think, in excess of 8% on an after tax basis. Even after taking -- without considering the fact that Boardwalk may raise it's dividend in the future. So those -- to me those investments are single, which I'm happy to do, and especially in a time when the rest of the world is just so uncertain. We have -- we discuss all those issues as well as lots of other issues. The overriding theme of all the issues though is what is in the best interest of Loews' shareholders. So we factor a lot of different things in. And I don't really want to go into any detail about what those issues are. But like I said, the overriding question is what makes the most sense for our shareholders? No. I don't want to characterize the rates of return that we think we're going to earn. We are a Company that goes about our business. We have a sense of what the value that we bought. But we don't want to put ourselves in a position where we're making projections and estimates for investors, because that can only come back to haunt the Company in one way or another. I'm sorry -- our interest is 49 percent. That is correct. I'm not going to talk about our share repurchase program. I just don't want to talk about it. It is not a done deal. There should be an exposure draft that comes out pretty soon and that's when the debate will officially begin. So, you could accuse me of gun dropping here. The newspaper reported that the transaction price was $112 million per ship. And we take in the earnings from our ships on a one quarter lag. And in this quarter, the earnings of Loews Corporation included $5 million after-tax of shipping income. No changes at all. We continue to kick tires. We continue to assess the needs of our subsidiaries and also continue to assess possibility for share repurchase. Yes, in fact Loews has plenty of exposure to crude oil and to gas through Boardwalk and as well through Diamond Offshore. And to the extent that Loews commodities go up in price for long enough then we should see improvement in Diamond's business and hopefully an increase in Diamond's share price. And likewise we should see improvements in Boardwalk's business and its share price as well. Beyond that yes, we've invested in some futures in the oil markets. We're sort of like the guy who ran for mayor he said the rent is too damn low -- too damn high. We say oil prices are too damn low. And it's our belief that in a number of years, I'm not making a prediction for the next number of months, but in the next number of years we think that oil prices will be significantly higher than the levels they are at today. And it is really, really nice to be done with asbestos plaintiffs' lawyers. Thank you very much. Before we get started, for those of you that are speed readers, I have to give you the obligatory reminder to read the disclaimer language which you see here. It's also included in your handouts. Now that that's out of the way, I'd like to begin with a simple declarative statement. Loews is the cheapest stock I know. Now, before you decide whether or not you agree with me, I would like to take about the next 20 or 25 minutes and explain why I'm willing to make such a brazen statement. First, a word about what we do. At Loews we don't produce any products, we don't make or sell widgets, and we are not a service provider. Our subsidiaries do these kinds of things. As a holding company we have a different role to play. We have the ability and the flexibility to do things that our subsidiaries and most investors cannot do by themselves. At Loews our focus is on managing and allocating capital, maximizing the value of each of our subsidiaries and making timely acquisitions and investments. All of these actions are pursued with the overarching goal of increasing the value of Loews common stock. An investor who is not familiar with us might think of an investment in Loews as representing more nothing more than a basket of stocks of our publicly traded subsidiaries, plus some extra stuff. But Loews is much more than a collection of public stocks because of the value of our other assets and equally because of actions taken by those of us in the holding company. So when you own Loews you not only get exposure to our current holdings but you also have the ability to benefit from our future actions. Over the years, for 50 years, in fact, the holding company has been very successful in creating value. And that is the topic that I want to focus on today, Loews's strategy to create value at the holding company level. Let me begin by giving you a brief overview of our corporate structure. Our primary assets include a controlling interest in three publicly traded subsidiaries. We own 90% of commercial property and casualty insurance company CNA. We own just over half of the offshore driller Diamond Offshore Drilling. And we own about 66% of the natural gas pipeline and storage MLP Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, including our 100% ownership of the general partner. We also have two wholly owned subsidiaries, our natural gas exploration and production company, HighMount, and our luxury lodging business, Loews Hotels. If you're searching for a common theme among all of these businesses, I'm going to save you the trouble. The common thread across this seemingly disparate group is that each subsidiary was acquired at an attractive value to Loews shareholders, and each is still creating value in its own way. Additionally, our holding company portfolio of cash and investments stood at approximately $3.4 billion at the end of the first quarter. Net of $867 million of debt, that's a net cash position of about $2.5 billion. Bolstering our cash position are the dividends and interest that we receive from subsidiaries as well as investment income from the holding company portfolio. In '09 the holding company received $1.1 billion of cash from these sources. Generation of cash flow is a very important measure of success for us. So, given all that, I can appreciate that our structure is somewhat unusual compared to other companies. People may struggle to define us. So what is Loews? Structurally, we are what I think of as a 21st-century conglomerate. This structure has been both in and out of fashion at various times over the years, but we see our structure as a significant asset to our operational strength. We have the freedom to make acquisitions or investments in any industry where we find value, and that means we can carry out value creating transactions without fear of looking different than our peer group. We have prodigious and diverse sources of cash flow and earnings and we are under no pressure to make investments or to take profits by selling businesses or investments. One issue we face, however, is that Loews does not really fit into the standard coverage categories at buy-side and sell-side firms. Lacking a convenient label, we are sometimes misunderstood and considered difficult to analyze. Well, I'd like to dispel that notion the Loews is complex. While, yes, we have subsidiaries in disparate industries, our structure is in fact simple, not complex. Abundant disclosure from our public subsidiaries makes us totally transparent, not opaque. And our business mix makes us diversified, not a misfit. And our ownership structure is also pretty straightforward, too. At Loews we have only a single class of common stock. We're all in this together. While members of the Tisch family continue to hold a significant stake in the company, the stock held by family members is Loews common stock, period. If Loews makes money, all shareholders benefit proportionally. While analysts sometimes refer to the concept of a holding company discount, we think of Loews as having a conglomerate advantage. As a diversified holding company, we have a different set of levers to pull than a more narrowly focused firm. We can do things that our subsidiaries cannot. We feel we have four primary levers to create value at the holding company level -- one, maximizing the value of our subsidiaries; two, pursuing acquisitions and significant investments; three, repurchasing stock; and, four, pursuing corporate structuring actions. Let me address each one of these individually. First, number one, maximizing the value of our subsidiaries. I want to start by reminding you that we do not manage the day-to-day operations of our subsidiaries. The experienced executive team at each subsidiary makes the daily and weekly decision about its businesses. We do, however, get involved in major strategic and capital allocation decisions, and then we leave it to the subsidiaries to determine and implement their respective strategies. Put another way, my role is not to micromanage but rather to ensure that each subsidiary management team thinks about risk versus reward and short-term versus long-term trade-offs in the same way that we at Loews the holding company do. Sometimes that means leaning into the wind in a particular industry. Let's take, as an example, the rig acquisition program at Diamond Offshore. Last year, Diamond acquired at auction two newly constructed ultra deepwater rigs, the Ocean Courage and the Ocean Valor, for less than $500 million each. These prices represented a substantial discount to peak new-build costs of more than $750 million during a recent up cycle. While construction of a new-build rig typically takes three years or more, these rigs were essentially complete when Diamond acquired them, and they have already been signed to multi-year contracts with Petrobras in Brazil. Note that I'm not telling you about all the great rigs Diamond ordered for $750 million for delivery in 2012 because Diamond did not place any of these orders. A disciplined approach to allocating capital led Diamond to remain on the sidelines when costs overshot potential returns. Instead, as many competitors were building rigs at the peak of the market, Diamond was paying enormous special dividends to its shareholders. In fact, since the beginning of 2006, Diamond has paid dividends of $3.5 billion, or more than $23 per Diamond share. Now that the market is under some stress, Diamond remains on the outlook for opportunities to buy rigs. We at Loews strive to add insight to their strategic decision-making. We are not bound by the orthodoxy of any particular industry, in this case, the offshore drilling industry. And we are, therefore, able to add strategic and financial expertise to a management team that is extremely capable at running its business. Parenthetically, as we all know too well, there has been a tragic loss of life and ongoing environmental damage in the Gulf of Mexico stemming from the Deepwater Horizon explosion. At this time it's impossible to predict the ultimate impact on offshore oil exploration in the United States, but we are monitoring the situation, as you would expect, very closely. In that regard I continue to have great confidence in the people at Diamond, especially those who are responsible for the safety of our rigs and the welfare of our crews. While the prices of offshore drilling stocks may seem to foretell the end of oil, the reality is that the need for deepwater drilling has not changed from 46 days ago. This industry is cyclical and sometimes volatile, but Diamond Offshore has a long history of not only navigating these cycles but growing in them as well. Another aspect of optimizing our subsidiaries is ensuring that each is led by a management team that represents the best in its respective industry. Accordingly, in January of 2009, Tom Motamed took over as CEO at CNA, where he is intent on moving CNA into the top tier of the property and casualty insurance industry. Tom hails from Chubb Corporation, where he served as chief operating officer for six years. In his first 18 months at CNA, Tom is already making big moves. Among other things, he has strengthened CNA's leadership team, changed its culture, opened new field offices and added underwriting staff in support of CNA's goal to drive top and bottom line growth. The second lever that Loews employs to create value is pursuing acquisitions in other significant investments. Making opportune acquisitions is one of our primary means of building long-term value for Loews shareholders. We have a disciplined, value-oriented acquisition strategy. While we do not execute many transactions, we are continually kicking tires and looking for opportunities to acquire companies or assets that we believe will provide us with superior risk-adjusted returns. It may disappoint some of you wanting to hear specific guidance, but we do not have a standard template for analyzing potential deals, nor do we have any favorite target industries. We're selling it -- we bought all our -- when we bought HighMount we paid I think $1.63 per Mcf and when we sold, we're selling it at about $1.59 per Mcf. I think we're selling fewer Mcfs, we have fewer Mcfs in the ground, so that may account for a bit of it. But otherwise, on that benchmark it's about the same. We have not made a final determination of that yet, so I really can't answer that, other than to say it will not be at the Loews Corp level. We anticipate that it will be at one of the pipeline subsidiary levels. But the thing that I don't foresee us doing is folding this into Boardwalk. First of all, we are not short the bond market but the partnerships that we have invested in in the quarter as you saw at CNA were down and you know, the market for an -- first of all, I think as of June, the market was not up very much at the end of June, as of July 1. And I think that the problem is the market is pretty directionless and so it's been difficult I think for all participants in the equity markets to generate returns. Listen. That is two, three, four-decade view. Having said that, we are still going to be using natural gas, we are still going to be using oil. The only way we can use natural gas is to move it from one place to another. Decline curves are very real and significant. So I am not saying in that article that I see the imminent demise of offshore drilling or people no longer -- people shutting off their natural gas to keep their homes in the winter. But it is just, as I said, a very long-term trend and in the meantime, our energy subsidiaries are open for business to drill wells for anybody that wants to drill them, to produce natural gas and to move natural gas throughout the country. I don't have the exact number, but it was -- it's -- you should be able to define it from our -- you should be able to define it from our financial statement because, I think, we show -- we will show it in our queue. It's basically equal to the change in book value, minus the income, plus the loss on the securities. That is correct. We're not -- we're not looking to reinvest in our current holdings. In fact it's our --. Without significant amounts of inflation. I think that's entirely possible. Yes. It does free up some of the cash that we have. There would have been a significant amount of cash that would have been needed for the Bluegrass project, and now that is looking much less likely. So, I don't want to argue the merits of gold, I would just say that for us gold in our portfolio has been a very good hedge. That when stocks are down gold tends to outperform and when stocks are up gold tends to underperform. And so, it has been I think a very good balance for our portfolio. All I can say is we spent $88 million to buy 2.2 million shares in the third quarter and, as you know, we do not talk about what our plans are for future repurchases. Good morning, David. No. We have 100% exclusion. I don't know what the specific expectations of sellers are. I would put a little differently. I would say that with respect to a lot of businesses, sellers are looking to sell based on the economics of '07 and early '08, and buyers often times are looking to buy based on the economics of late '08 and '09. And it is too early to tell yet exactly how that's all going to weigh out. We're going to have to see, as well, what happens to the economy, and with that in general corporate profits and for each particular instance the profitability of those individual companies. My general sense is that we are not going to have a robust recovery the way we've had from prior recessions. And my reasoning for that is that I believe that this, what we now call great recession, is different from prior recessions. And it is different because it didn't come about because the Fed raised interest rates to choke off an expanding economy, rather it came about, I believe, because we as a nation had a mountain of debt that basically fell down on itself. We had debt to GDP in the '50s of 120% and that has expanded over the past 50 years to 360% of total debt to GDP in our economy. And in '07 and '08 that mountain cracked, and then crashed the economy. When you come out of a normal recession, what happens is that the Fed loosens up on interest rates after they choked off the inflationary expectations, and then the banks lend money, extend credit and with that extension of credit you have that expansion phase coming off of the bottom of the economy. This time around there is not that extension of credit. And the reason is because there is already too much credit in the economy either on the part of the homeowner, homeowner and consumers primarily, but also the overall economy in general. And so I don't believe we're going to get that boost or lift-off phase that you get ordinarily of of the bottom of a recession simply because we're not going to have the accelerant which is the credit extension in order to finance it. So just to bring that back to the price of buying businesses, we operate under the assumption that things are not going to get better, significantly better, in the near term, and we'll have to see what the market is thinking with respect to the economy by looking at the prices that others are willing to pay for businesses that are up for sale. Listen, I don't know what the value of the business is. I do know we bought HighMount for about $1.65 per Mcfe which was at the time an attractive valuation and I still consider it an attractive valuation. The writedowns that took place last year occurred because of the spot price of natural gas on one particular day. And last year the price of natural gas got down to, Henry Hub's gas got down to a price with a handle of one on it, so it was like $1.80 or $1.90. But at the end of the quarter when we had to actually determine whether there would be a writedown, the price got down to, I think, $3 and change, some very low price. In the meantime, the SEC has changed the rules for the SEC 10 ceiling test impairment charges. And so I think if these new rules had been used in the prior quarters, the writedowns would not have been as significant. Yes. My sense, first of all, as you heard me say in my remarks, we are being very, very conservative in our -- what we're doing financially. The thing I like to do is to sleep at night. And the thing that allows me to sleep at night is to have plenty of cash on hand. In this time period, what we've seen is that just about every institution that's made a investment in another financial institution, wakes up a week or two later and they see they've got a big loss on their hands. It is -- Wall Street has an expression for this, they call it catching a falling knife. And we like -- we like to be able to buy value. And in such markets as we have now where financing is so difficult and where it's unclear that people will be able to roll their liabilities, we are -- we are staying away from anything financial and just truly minding our own business. There's a time to be expansionary and there's a time not to and my sense is that, at this particular point in time with all that's going on in the world and with especially how unclear the future is, and how unfavorable the markets are, that now is the time just to lay back and husband our resources. Yes, David. Well, Boardwalk only builds lines when it has commitments that allow it to earn an attractive return on its capital. And if you noticed in fact the last two acquisitions that Boardwalk has made have been in the area of storage, specifically for salt domes to store natural gas and also to store natural gas liquids. A lot lower, yes. So first of all, the subsidiary always goes first. So if Loews wanted to buy stock and if the Board of Diamond decided it wanted to buy stock, Diamond would go first. This was a decision that was reached by the Board of Directors of Diamond because they felt that the value of the stock -- the price of the stock just did not reflect the value of Diamond Offshore, and thought that that was a good use for the cash of Diamond Offshore. Having said that, the dividends, both regular and special dividends, are a top priority for Diamond. And the Board felt that making these purchases would not interfere with the ability to pay dividends or the ability in the future to possibly buy rig assets in the market. I don't know because what we have seen over the years is tremendous improvement in efficiency of these drilling rigs. I don't have the numbers at my fingertips but gas rigs, for example, are down dramatically from five years ago yet gas production is up significantly. So I don't quite know what those numbers look like. Or what the numbers are in answer to your question. I'd suggest you try asking the people at Baker Hughes or Halliburton who would have a much better idea of what that is. So I don't recall the comment that I made, I'm sure that I made it. Let me just talk about where I think the market is right now. Well, we don't operate them from the holding company level. The managements of those businesses are responsible for the day-to-day, week-to-week and month-to-month operations of their business. We get involved in the business, number one, in the selection of the leadership; number two, which is really, really important, number two, and in terms of ratification of the strategy for the business. So the managements of those businesses will do the first draft of their strategy and capital plan and then they will come to us and we will have an interactive process of talking it through with them and coming to an agreement among all of us as to the strategy and capital plan. And then from that, we just let them run the business. So we don't feel the challenge of managing those businesses day-to-day. We are constantly thinking about strategy for those businesses and capital allocation to those businesses. Well, there is a capital gains tax involved, so it's difficult to say what we would do. In terms of whether we're a seller, no, we're very happy with our portfolio. I wouldn't say there were significant changes. I would imagine that our investment in stocks increased because the stock market went up. And likewise, our investment in hedge funds probably increased because they, too, earned a few percentage points during the quarter. But otherwise, there were no real significant changes. $5 million, but who is counting? You add those, not subtract them. First of all, in terms of how much cash gives us comfort, I can't give you an exact number. I can tell you if you look through history we have had significantly less than $3 billion and we have still been comfortable. Let me leave it at that. What was the second part of your question? Yes. We've always thought that having the -- owning 100% of the general partnership was very attractive because we get the incentive distribution rights which is starting to kick in now as the returns to the limited partners goes higher. So it's a long-term asset that we believe we're holding and we think that it's going to be very valuable for all Loews' shareholders. That's right. Oh, you know, the good news is we don't make our forecast and I try not to make forward-looking statements about our businesses in any detail. So I am not going to answer that. No. No. It is by and large pretty boring, which is the way we like to keep it. No, none at all. I'm not 100% sure. It may have been -- okay, I have some numbers here. What it was, was that our equities did reasonably well, which was a good contribution. And that was basically the long and short of it. That's correct. Langen McAlenney, I just want everybody to know that I know the name of your firm. No, we have no current plans to issue any more debt at the Loews Corporation level. So we now have a $700 million and change in debt at Loews. Yes. Bob, you know that we don't talk about share repurchases, so I don't want to -- I don't want to talk about that in any way. Absolutely positively. And I will tell you that it is very frustrating to me -- if I can get on my soap box for a second, I'll tell you that we've got in excess of $3 billion of cash. We have just over $1 billion of debt. We have securities in the form of our subsidiaries that when added to the cash, total in excess of $22 billion. We have cash flow coming into the company last year of seven or $800 million and for some bizarre reason these rating agencies are concerned that we can't pay or service our $1 billion of debt. Of the $1.1 billion in debt, 300 million is short-term. It is due in November so after the dust settles in November we will have $875 million of debt and Moody's thinks that this credit should be rated BAA 1. I would encourage all listeners to send their cards and letters to Moody's and say, &quot;What are you guys smoking?&quot; And also investment income. Interest income on our cash balances. The for sale signs are not out. But, having said that, there are indicators that seem to be signaling that rig transactions will take place over the next six months to a year. First of all, day rates are down significantly from their peak. There have been -- there are a number of rigs, floaters, that are in the yards, scheduled to come out of the yards that don't have contracts. There are many rigs where the owners are highly levered. And, now, with this latest event, the blowout in the Gulf of Mexico, that I believe has sent fifth and sixth generation rig rates down yet even lower. And, so, all of those factors lead me to believe that, as I said, over the next six to 12 months there will be rigs that become available for sale. First of all, it is not tracking stock but it does give everybody a sense of the worth or value of CNA. But we just bought like 150,000 shares. There wasn't a lot of stock to buy. So as you saw from our Form 4s, we were very price sensitive about those purchases. So we weren't concerned that we were going to substantially dry up liquidity in the stock. The historic costs have been about $1.30 per Mcf. The only split beyond 50% is everything and I don't think we are ever going to get there. I am. I'm doing better than a stopped clock. Yes. It all depends, Michael -- it all depends on which pipes you are looking at. It is really a total mixed bag. For LDCs, local distribution companies and municipalities, there might be one rate; for people that are looking to go on the pipeline superhighway, there might be another rate. And it all depends on -- a lot on location where the gas is coming from and where it is going to. As a general rule, as you might expect, for lines coming out of Texas and going up to the Marcellus, subject to whether other lines service -- provide service for where someone specifically wants to go, but the pricing is somewhat weaker than previously because of the increased production in the Marcellus shale that is being consumed in the Northeast. Look, I guess we could do that but that is not the way we choose to structure our investment. Loews does not want to be a creditor of CNA and earn on its cash 350 basis points, that is not what we are looking to do with our almost $5 billion of liquidity. We are looking to earn much higher rates of return than that. My pleasure. I would say the discount is somewhat wider than normal. There are a number of ways of looking at the discount. One other way is to say that between the cash of $3.4 billion and the CNA preferred of $1 billion, that's $4.3 billion of cash and [near] cash. That represents in excess of $10 a share. So if you start with that and deduct it from the share price of $32, now you are down to $22 that you are paying for everything else besides the cash. So, to me, it just proves how extraordinary the value is. And I would say that this valuation for Loews stock today is probably, I would say, represents -- it's probably this cheap about one third of the time would be my guess -- highly unscientific and finger in the air test. Say again? Tim Parker, who is the CEO of HighMount, is on the line. Let's let him answer that question. Well, first of all, I think shale, shale can continue its growth, but I don't know that it is going to be the panacea for oil production over the next five years. Right now it looks like shale production in the United States, shale oil production in the United States has flattened out. And I think what we are seeing is that it will take higher prices to get shale production moving again. This is not up to the family. This is up to the Board. I think the lawyers (inaudible) us about answering any questions in respect to Boardwalk and I think what we should do is just let our filings speak for themselves. I am not going to -- I am just not going to answer that question. I will just say that we have high hopes and expectations for the earnings of our Hotel Company. Larry, you want to take a stab at that? There's no magic number. We like the fact that CNA is public. We'd like it to stay public. We have no interest in taking it private. But if the stock market wants to give us stock, that's fine also. Good morning. So, day rates are down about 25% from the peak. So, a new drillship a year and a half ago might have gotten in excess of $600,000 a day to operate, and today it's getting just above $450,000 a day. The reason that rates have dropped is twofold. Number one, because there are new rigs coming into the market, but I think more importantly, because international oil companies have woken up to the fact that they're operating at negative cash flows. And so, they've cut back their capital budgets, to some extent, in order to be able to continue paying their dividends, and that's caused demand for drilling rigs to drop. My guess is that the decline in day rates is going to sow the seeds for an improvement in the market, and increased utilization because in today's environment an oil company can get 33% more services for the same dollar, and I don't know if $475,000 is the right number for a new drillship or $425,000 a day, but something tells me we're just about in the ballpark, and any drop beyond that, I think, would cause a flood of oil companies to come in, wanting to charter rigs. The thing I do strongly believe is that the E&P companies do have the prospects in virtually all water depths to be able to use the fleet that is currently in existence. I can't tell you what the Board of Directors of these companies are going to do from quarter-to-quarter, but you do have a sense of what the quarterly numbers are, and you can make your own assumptions as to whether or not those are going to continue for the next four quarters. Good morning, Bonnie. Yes. Glad you noticed. Definitely. It's definitely a lot more challenging, we're seeing lots of lookers, But we have a belief that the world is cyclical, and at times, there are a lot of people looking. At times, there aren't, and so there's an old saying, just because you're on a diet doesn't mean you can't read the menu, so we continue to kick tires and look around and hope that we're going to find something, but we also understand that this is a very competitive environment and we're not going to rush into anything that doesn't make 100% sense for us and doesn't really fit fully within our investment parameters of how we want to invest. Well, you know how much cash we have, which is -- Our investment mix is pretty much in cash. We have, as you know, about $3 billion in cash and investment assets and we have under $500 million in common stock. I would say that the big reason for the increase in the investment income is probably due simply to the increase in short-term interest rates. Rates have gone up -- probably last year they were at -- probably at about 2% and this year they're at 4.75. Increased interest rates make all the difference in the world. By and large the fixed-income investments in that portfolio have been kept pretty short. First we'll discuss repurchases. We are following the same playbook that we've followed for the past 40 years or so. That is, we buy the shares in when we think they're attractively priced. We use a whole host of measures to do that. We look at some of the parts valuation. We look at earnings. We look at cash flow. We look at just about everything that any analyst would look at in determining whether the shares are cheap or (inaudible). And then we act accordingly. I can't say how much money we would spend in the course of the year on repurchases, but the thing I can say is we will do absolutely nothing in any way to jeopardize the financial strength of Loews. I said in my remarks that we have $3 billion of cash. We have $866 million of debt. I think that even though we spent last year $350 million repurchasing shares, our cash balance at the end of the year was higher than at the beginning of the year. So we are very conservative in the management of those share repurchases. With respect to monetizing assets, it is funny. I don't know how to answer you because if we were thinking about an IPO and I would say something, then we would be jumping the gun. And I can't do that. If I say we're not doing something, then maybe that gives a different answer, and you could gain your way to figuring out what we're doing. Let me just say that instead we constantly look at markets. When we've taken businesses public, they've been for very, very specific reasons, and because we thought it would be not only good for Loews but also good for the shareholders of Loews and the potential shareholders of those subsidiaries. But beyond that, I don't want to talk about what specific plans we have for the IPOs of any of our businesses. I am sorry to say, but it is the way it has to be. You will find out when, as and if we file a prospectus for that business. Thank you. Yes. One second we have may have three people listening on the Web so we want them hear what's up. Thank you, Darren. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Results for the quarter and the full year reflect growth at Boardwalk Pipeline, steady performance at CNA, and some ongoing challenges facing Diamond Offshore, HighMount E&P, and Loews Hotels. So over the years, we have returned an extraordinary amount of cash to shareholders. We do that through a combination of dividends and share repurchases and more recently, most of that return of cash to shareholders has come through share repurchases. So that in the first half of the year as I said, we have repurchased -- or in the year to date we have repurchased over $400 million of cash. We have as I like to say a long and glorious history of share repurchases. We have less than one-third the shares that were outstanding in 1970 and we have done that through what I would call well-timed share repurchases. It's a part of our DNA, we were repurchasing Loews shares long, long, long before repurchases were the corporate vogue. We're not doing it because it's the corporate vogue but rather because we think that it creates very good long-term value for our all of our shareholders. I would say that if shareholders are interested in relatively high dividends being paid from Loews common stock, then I would advise them to sell the stock because that is generally not what you are going to see from Loews. My English teacher would be proud. One other thing, Curt, is that historically we have what I would call a kitchen sink shelf outstanding, so that we can issue securities when, as, and if it makes sense for us to do so. Good morning, Andy. All right, so you can assume that if there is no quarter to date specified on the release that there weren't any. Sure. CNA manages its risk assets very carefully because CNA wants to make sure that risk assets do not become too big a percentage of its equity. And additionally, Loews in helping to manage those assets for CNA also is seeing attractive risk investments beyond the hedge fund market. So for example if you look at bank loans that are available in the marketplace there's been a tremendous selloff in many names that now to us are seemingly good investments. So the move out of hedge funds was made in order to make room for additional risk assets that CNA can acquire that we think will be more attractive investments than the hedge funds have been. For the past 20 years hedge funds have been a very, very attractive investment of risk assets and what we're seeing now is just that there are other places where we can invest and get good returns. Thank you. Yes. We don't even own it yet. Yes. We refinanced the 3 1/8, because we figured that there could be room to go in the upcycle for the offshore drillers. And we had the opportunity to call these bonds, so we did. At the time, and still today , it's basically a push between the cash -- the amount that we're earning on our cash, and what we were paying out on the bonds. So we decided that it was just -- it made sense to call them in about 2 or 2 1/2 years before their maturity, and to extinguish the ability of people to call away 17 million shares of Diamond Offshore. So we have about the $4.8 billion of cash and investments. We have about $700 million or so of limited partnership investments that have very good liquidity terms to it. And then we have another 500 or so of equity. And then beyond that most of the rest of the other $3.7 billion is invested in money market instruments that do not earn a lot of income. At Loews? Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions I wanted to summarize our focus as we think about our businesses. For Diamond, the Offshore Drilling industry is in the throes of a challenging cyclical downturn. We've seen this movie before and we are encouraging Diamond to use this downturn to seize opportunities to strengthen and expand its business. The US energy markets are experiencing tremendous changes which have affected Boardwalk. US natural gas and liquids production is forecast to continue growing meaningfully over the coming years. We expect the accompanying growth in demand for transportation and storage will present attractive opportunities for Boardwalk to expand the utilization of its existing network while also extending the network's reach. Are you talking about for Carolina Group? Yes, yes. Sure. Net operating income includes investment income, but does not include capital gain or loss. So the net operating income of $318 million is what was earned in the insurance business, including the investment income on the portfolio. And then, additional to that -- additionally to that, there was a net $91 million loss on capital transactions within the CNA portfolio, so that resulted in a net income from continuing operations of $227 million. The double-digits are based on cost. Market prices will vary and from one quarter to the other, we may have a loss in these securities. I told you, they are not for the faint of heart. But we believe that we've done our analysis and we believe that based on our ability to hold these securities, that they will generate very attractive returns for us. I know that the term subprime is a word that causes fear in the hearts of the most hardened investors. But you can be sure that we've done our work and our analysis in going into these securities. Well, HighMount was a casualty of the shale revolution. We bought HighMount in 2007. Gas was $7.50 an MCF, and we thought we were doing things right, when in the next year gas went to $15.00 an MCF. The problem for HighMount is that its land in the Permian Basin could produce gas at $5.00, $6.00, $7.00 an MCF. We can't compete. We couldn't compete at $3.00 an MCF. So, we've played around in the E&P space for a while, and then we came to the realization -- wait a second, we can make really attractive investments at Boardwalk, at 10%, 11%, 12%, 13% return on assets for 20 years, with creditworthy customers. Let's compare that to what we can buy in the E&P space, and in the E&P space, maybe you could invest at a 10% return but there were so many ifs. You weren't 100% sure about the geology, you weren't sure about the price, you weren't sure about what the cost would be to drill it out, nor were you particularly certain about what the production would be, or the decline curves would look like. So, there is what we really relied on, was relative value, and in our mind it was a no-brainer that there just weren't investment opportunities that were at all attractive in the E&P space. So, a little over a year ago, we decided that we're best off getting out of that business, because we just saw too much capital and not good enough returns. And then we have another $750 million of fixed maturity treasuries, and then the rest is other odds and ends. Okay. Yes, because right now the mark-to-market on the investments at CNA is pretty much a wash, it doesn't have much of an effect on book value. So I don't think that going forward in the future that the level of interest rate will have a significant impact on the price of CNA's stock. I think people will look through book value and instead look towards the underlying operating income of the Company on a quarterly and annual basis. I think that if interest rates were to spike up and therefore the book value were to decline again, I don't think that would be such a significant factor. No, I don't want. I don't fully understand what you mean. If there are more questions let's take them up at the end of the program. I'd like to try to get us somewhat back on schedule. We're coming down to the home stretch and I'd like to introduce Pete Keegan who is the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. No, I don't know -- I don't where the rumors start, but that's been going around. We have absolutely no intention at all of spinning off our hotel company, and likewise we have no plans to take it public. David? Right here. So, first, some of you may have heard me say this before. There's a spectrum of conglomerates. Over here, there's Berkshire Hathaway, absolutely on control at the top, let the businesses run by themselves and let the CEOs of those businesses do whatever they want to run the business. Over here at the other end is General Electric, which is a conglomerate, which has a lot of control at the top, has services that are provided at the top. Employees while they're -- at GE, while employees may be an employee of an division, they think of themselves as GE employees, not employees of (inaudible) or anything else like that. When I look at that spectrum, with Berkshire and GE over here, Loews is right here, just a bit to the right of Berkshire, and that's because we, too, have subsidiaries that operate themselves, set their own strategy with ratification by us, but we do have more interaction with our CEOs and their senior staff than a company like Berkshire does. So, we are a believer and that's a model that's worked for us for a very long time. In terms of the method to the madness, why do this? Loews, in my opinion -- when I was -- let me go back. When I was sitting in a GE Board meeting -- first of all, Jeff Immelt is a great CEO. He is a fabulous CEO. He is as hard working, as diligent, as smart, as charismatic and has more leadership skills than just about anyone I know. He really is fabulous. But I was sitting in a GE meeting, and I said to myself, what's different here between GE and Loews? And it sort of struck me that at GE, and this has worked for them for more than 50 years, since Thomas Alva Edison, at GE they're thinking about how to grow net income every day, every year. At Loews, believe it or not, we don't think about how to grow net income. Net income is, in some ways, a byproduct. What we think about is how to grow value, and for some, that may seem to be a distinction without a difference, but for me it really is everything. So, we have our five subsidiaries because we think they help us to grow value. And, as I mentioned in my comments, we have a whole series of different levers that we can use to try to coax out that value. We can invest cash in the subsidiaries if they need it. We can buy shares of Loews. All the time, we're thinking about what is the best way to create value, not for tomorrow, but for three, five, and 10 years forward. And so, the method to the madness is, we're thinking about value. By having these subsidiaries it gives us the levers to play with to create that value. Yes, the economics were driven by lots of different measures. We looked at how much we were paying per day day per production per day. We looked at how much we were paying per day of -- for production per day. We looked as how much we were paying for proven reserves. We looked at our cash flows and we looked at the tax benefits that we would be achieving. So we threw all those into the hopper when we did our analysis. Long and glorious history. That is number one. And number two, if it stayed at $5.99 that would really be in defiance of the forward curve which shows -- Let me clarify. Diamond Offshore purchased shares of Diamond. Yes, I don't think that that is going to have a major impact on us, and certainly not as serious an impact as it will have for banks. I think the thing that's concerning me that -- and I may talk about next quarter, are the changes that the FASB has up its sleeves. That it will start to lay out over the next several months, which will relate to market value accounting. I know the banks are apoplectic about it, it will be, as they say in the world of economists, pro-cyclical so that when things are good, banks will be giddy to actually loan more and when things are bad in the economy, banks will be retrenching even more. My guess is -- and for Loews and CNA, because we would have to mark all of our investment assets to market, it will cause our earnings to swing wildly. Such that in '08, if we had reported under this regime, our earnings would have been at CNA a loss of $5 billion, and in '09 our earnings would have been income of $5 billion. And so the first thing I think that analysts will do, with respect to insurance companies, which don't have one on the bank lists the way that other financial institutions have it, the first thing analysts will do when we report our net income number is deduct out that change of -- in market value of our assets. I would encourage one and all, when these proposals come out, to make your feelings known to the FASB about what's going on. Because it seems to me to be accounting that will serve no good purpose, will be difficult to account for at the corporate level and will economically be dangerous for the country. For banks, they will have -- if they are taking loan loss reserves, they will have to mark their loans to market, whatever that means. And as I said, it just doesn't make sense. So, pay close, close attention to it and we'll see how it develops. When I look at CNA I'm not looking at it -- I do look at it relative to this sector but I don't look at it in terms of outperforming or not. I look at it in terms of I want CNA to provide good, solid returns for us in the context of what's available within the industry and I also wanted to do that without providing any surprises in the future. It is very easy in the insurance industry to &quot;show good returns,&quot; All you have to do is short your reserves I want to make sure CNA is always well reserved. I think we've got great management at CNA now. I think we've got a good transition planned. So I'm just very positive about the performance of CNA going forward. You know, if CNA weren't public, I think that Loews shareholders would demand that it be public. Being public offers a lot of benefits to CNA, so we actually like the fact that it is public. It gives us a barometer on how CNA is doing, and it helps all Loews shareholders to value CNA as well. Beyond that, whether the float is 10% or 5% or 20%, I don't think it is worthwhile for me to comment. So, first of all, you're right. CNA has been a work in progress for a long time. At about the beginning of the year, I declared that work in progress over, and now it's a good company striving to be a great company, that is operating its business day in and day out. Going back 10 or 15 years, CNA was a multi-line insurance company. CNA had a life insurance company, personal automobile, it ran a health insurance business. It had a reinsurance business. And Steve Lilienthal, to his credit, came in and he rationalized a lot of the business. He sold a lot of the businesses that he could sell. He focused CNA on its core competencies, which was commercial property and casualty, and he really righted the boat and set things up for Tom Motamed, who is a commercial P&C man. Tom came in, in January of '09, and he set the focus of the Company on underwriting excellence and marketing. The first thing he did when he got to CNA is he went out to the branch offices and he was talking to them about underwriting. And don't you know that that message quickly spread to all the other branch offices, the focus on underwriting, to get your butts out of the office and go see the customers. And so, that simple action was really the opening bell of a change in culture for CNA that is continuing to this day. So, yes, there is a sense that pricing is softening. As you said, it's still increasing but at a lower and lower percent, but we're lapping some actually pretty good increases in prices. The thing that has changed in the P&C industry in the last 20 or 30 years, in my opinion, is that there is really good capital management. As I think most people in this room know, capital is capacity within the insurance industry. And what's interesting and what's changed over the past 10 years is that managements now are very, very carefully managing their capital. So, if you look at a company like Travelers, since Jay Fishman has been the CEO, going back to, like, '06 or '08, their statutory capital, which is the measure of how much business they can write, has not increased, and he has done two things with their cash. Number one, he's paid dividends, but number two, and more importantly, he has aggressively bought back their shares, so much so, as I said, their statutory capital has not increased over that time period. And that's just the tip of the iceberg in terms of the capital management. Josh, as you will know, other companies have played follow the leader and done similar things, so that, when the economy turns, when we see unit demand increase for insurance, which I think could be coming soon, I think that will be enough to stem the declines and allow prices to increase. So, I would say that based upon the capital management, my guess is that the downturns in the industry are going to be shorter than historically they've been. You know, we are always looking, but the problem is that they are not stupid in the market. If you look at the forward price for natural gas in the futures market, that anticipates that the recovery is going to come back to natural gas prices over the next two or three years. So my prediction of $4.50 natural gas prices is not substantially different from the futures market. And the people that are actually selling properties today are able to sell on the basis of the forward price for natural gas, not the spot price. So date we haven't found any veritable bargains. We see cap rates remaining about the same. We like all of the properties that we own, and we have no intention of selling any of them, but this is also a good opportunity for me to put it in an advertisement for something that we are aggressively pursuing in Washington, which is that even if we wanted to sell some hotels, chances are, it would not be economic to do so, and the reason for that is that corporations unlike individuals have to pay long term capital gains tax rates of 35%, so that if we wanted to sell our hotel, the wedge between the pre-tax and after-tax proceeds would be so great so that it would make the pre-tax, it would make the after-tax deal uneconomic. So we have started a coalition of like minded companies and we're hopeful to be able to get this heard before Congress and actually enacted into law. I think if it is enacted into law, what they will see is that in fact long term corporate tax gains collections by the Treasury will increase over where they are today. So we're hopeful that we may be able to get some traction in getting this approved. No, I haven't run the number recently so I can't really comment. The holding company cash -- that 2.16 sounds right. Let me -- repeat the first question first. Oh, the first question was the share of proceeds that we will get from HSC on the sale of the ships. I said before that we own 49 percent of HSC, but our economic interest is significantly higher than that. So when, as and if HSC is liquidated, we would expect to receive significantly more cash than is indicated by our percentage ownership of the common stock. With respect to reserves, we were out at CNA for the past two days, and we spent time speaking to the actuaries out there. And we have seen no deterioration at all in the level of reserves. We are comfortable with the overall level of reserves. We are comfortable with our level of asbestos and environmental reserves, which are at the upper end of survival ratios for the industry. So we are pretty sanguine about where CNA's reserves are. What was your other question? Good morning. There are a whole host of reasons why I believe that interest rates are going to go up. Another one is a fear of inflation. Number two is just the dynamics in the market because at some point in time the Fed's quantitative easing is going to have to end, and when it does, that will be a $600 billion or $900 billion purchaser of fixed-income securities exiting the market. So, for those reasons and a lot of others, at some point in time it is inevitable that interest rates will go up. We are positioning the CNA portfolio to try to stay as short as we can, but also to recognize that we have liabilities that have to be matched. One-third of our liabilities reflect long-term care and other long-term liabilities that we match very close together. That's got about a 10-year duration to it. And then, the rest of the portfolio is -- runs about a five-year duration, and that's reflective of the liabilities that -- or the reserves that CNA has on its books for its bread-and-butter property and casualty business. You know, I don't know the exact size that we would look for. The thing that I know and believe is that in the course of the next few years, there will be plenty of opportunities to acquire gas and liquids properties. And I believe that with the right management, there will be good opportunities to earn very good rates of return on funds invested in the business. And we are ready, willing, able to make the commitment of those funds. But (multiple speakers) I don't want to give you a size for what we're looking at. Obviously, we're not looking to do a $10 billion transaction. So, beyond that, I can't really say what we're looking to do. Last time I looked, we have no investments in China. I'm happy not to have any investments in China. I'm sure there's a lot of money to be made there, but we'll let it be made by somebody else. In terms of international investments, we leave it to each of our subsidiaries to determine just how international they want to be. So for Diamond Offshore, I would say that now maybe 80% of our revenues going forward are going to come from international locations. And that is a result of actions that management took. They know the rig market and they know the international market, and they have made, along with us, a conscious decision that totally works for us. Correct. That is correct. Yes. First of all, is it possible to have too much cash? Yes, I guess so, but I would say that I don't think that we're there. So, this -- that's not a problem that I'm worried about. In the past, we have had more cash than we have today. Although at the time, we had more shares, so on a per-share basis, we're probably at the high point. But I still don't feel that we're drowning in cash, and I believe that over the next few quarters and years, we'll have plenty of opportunities to use that cash. The time that -- by corporate philosophy, we like having a lot of cash on our balance sheet. We understand that it is a drag on return on equity and other statistics. But it's been the cash that's been on the balance sheets that's given us the opportunities to really do value-creating transactions. In 2008, it allowed us to invest in CNA and Boardwalk at a time when, if the markets would've been open to them, they would've been open at a very, very high price. It gave us the opportunity to buy Texas Gas Transmission in 2003 and Gulf South Pipelines in 2004. It allowed us to get into the gas exploration and production business in 2007, and going back to the 1980s and early 1990s, it was the cash on the balance sheet that allowed us to jump into the opportunity of buying offshore drilling rigs when nobody else wanted them. So, we like to have cash and not have to go to bankers and other financers when we want to buy what I would call -- make value-creating investments. With respect to share repurchases, all I will say is that there is a minimum amount of cash that we want to have on the balance sheet that will determine that we won't -- if we go below that minimum amount of cash, we would not buy shares, but to the extent that we're above that amount, and we are today, obviously, then we'll buy shares based on our assessment of whether we think it's attractive value for all of our shareholders. I am not going to -- I am just not going to answer that question. I will just say that we have high hopes and expectations for the earnings of our Hotel Company. That is correct. Yes. Well, essentially nothing's changed. As you describe it, the non-core brands, Kent, True, Max, Satten and Old Gold for that matter, which is one of the other discount grand in addition to Maverick, we're basically optimizing their profitability. Maverick has shown growth, it was up a healthy 31, almost 32% in the third quarter. It's a low-margin proposition. We've always said that we're maintaining that as sort of a place holder, if you will, in that segment of the market. It's done well for us. We don't lose money on it, obviously. So-- but it's also obviously modestly profitable. And for the other brands, long term, they generate profit for us. And that hasn't changed for the last many, many years. [David]? Yes. In coming quarters from time to time we'll invest in longer-duration securities other than the overnight rate of money which is about 1%. Right now we can get about 4.40 on 10-year notes, and so if we get tempted out there ,we may make some investments there in order to try to maximize our total returns on our cash. Yes, it does. Those derivatives are mark to market every quarter. The general partnership interest? Yes, the economics were driven by lots of different measures. We looked at how much we were paying per day day per production per day. We looked at how much we were paying per day of -- for production per day. We looked as how much we were paying for proven reserves. We looked at our cash flows and we looked at the tax benefits that we would be achieving. So we threw all those into the hopper when we did our analysis. Pleasure. Hey, good morning, David. My guess though is that oil prices -- current oil prices will not affect offshore drilling nearly as much as it affects the land drilling, because the horizon for an offshore -- a company drilling offshore prospects is the horizon is say two to five years. The horizon for somebody drilling a shale well on shore is six months to a year. So it's a dramatically different mindset between the two oil companies. Well, that -- the Berkshire transaction significantly de-risks the CNA balance sheet by taking, hopefully forever, CNA's asbestos liability off the table. And, I think that a number of our -- a number of CNA's regulatory and rating constituencies understand that, as well. We are -- we, Loews, are hopeful that CNA will pay down the preferred. CNA owns -- it's nice to receive the 10% dividend on that preferred. And, it will be missed when the preferred is paid down. But, remember, once that preferred is paid down, then, depending upon a lot of factors -- but CNA could be capable of paying a dividend to all its shareholders. And, so, Loews could receive cash flow from a CNA dividend on its common stock, as opposed to a dividend on its preferred stock. So, I heard the -- I heard the CNA call, I heard people worrying that the -- the repayment of the Loews preferred had to be mutually agreed by Loews and CNA. And, I'll just remind everyone that CNA has already paid off $250 million of that preferred by mutual agreement of the two companies. Well, Filippe, you've got to be careful. Not only do we have to look at cash, but we also have to look at shareholder's equity. And we always want to run Lorillard so that it has a significant amount of shareholder equity so that it can operate as a strong and solvent Company. Okay, Pete is looking that up right now. You know what, we don't have that number available just yet. It will be, you will be able to get that from the Q when that's released. I think there are -- what we are seeing is two things. Number one, equities trading at significant discounts to where they had previously been trading. And we are also seeing projects for our subsidiaries that offer what seems to be very enticing returns. So while we haven't done anything, we are looking carefully at capital programs and at other opportunities. But I am reminded, there's debt in that company, also, on the ships. I'm sorry. I'm here. Yes, in fact Loews has plenty of exposure to crude oil and to gas through Boardwalk and as well through Diamond Offshore. And to the extent that Loews commodities go up in price for long enough then we should see improvement in Diamond's business and hopefully an increase in Diamond's share price. And likewise we should see improvements in Boardwalk's business and its share price as well. Beyond that yes, we've invested in some futures in the oil markets. We're sort of like the guy who ran for mayor he said the rent is too damn low -- too damn high. We say oil prices are too damn low. And it's our belief that in a number of years, I'm not making a prediction for the next number of months, but in the next number of years we think that oil prices will be significantly higher than the levels they are at today. The rationale for each of those transactions was different for each individual transaction, based on the time that the transaction was done. When we first went public, for example, the reason for the transaction was to highlight for all Loews shareholders just what the value of our Lorillard investment was and I remember when we took Carolina Group public, actually when we filed the papers to take it public, there was a very significant increase in the price of Loews stock as investors started to understand what the value was of Carolina Group, and then over the past close to four and a half years that CG has been public, you're right. There has been a number of sales that have taken place. Sometimes they were to increase carbon the Loews balance sheet but all-times, I would say they were done with the idea in mind of creating value for all of our Loews shareholders. In terms of our target ownership, all I can tell you is that we have no plans now to any shares of CG. We're very comfortable with where our holdings are. Well, I'm not going to talk about what we've done in our portfolio since the end of the quarter, but I think that a lot of the reaction of Loews' and CNA's stock to our earnings report related to the other than temporary impairments that we took. And Pete explained it once, but let me just add a little bit to this discussion. We manage today, and for the past 30 years, we have managed CNA's portfolio differently than most other insurance companies manage their portfolio. Typically, when an insurance company manages a portfolio, they buy an asset, they put it there, they buy a bond, they put it in their portfolio, and they wake up five, ten, or 20 years later, or whatever, and the bond matures. That is typically not what happens in the CNA portfolio. When we manage the portfolio, we are -- we have a more active portfolio management style. We buy securities and we sell securities. And the reason that we do this is because we believe that we can add value by moving from one security to another, from one sector of the market to another. And so as I said, that's been our modus operandi for 30 years. And I would happily stack up our performance record versus those of our peers in the insurance industry. What's happened more recently is that the accounting rules have been tweaked and changed slightly, and the result of it is that most of the portfolio that we have, we carry as available for sale. And the way the rules work today on securities that are carried available for sale is that if at the end of the quarter that individual security is at a loss, doesn't matter if it's a $0.01, a point, or 20 points. If it's at a loss, you have to state an intention to hold that security to recovery of the loss. And if you can't make that assertion, then you have to take an impairment loss, what's called an other than temporary impairment loss. The result of this is that we very much want to keep as much of our portfolio available for sale so that we can trade it to capitalize on changes in the markets. So therefore, we take as big an impairment charge as we can so that we can keep as much of our portfolio open and available for sale. And so what you're seeing is an impairment charge that took place due to the significant increase in interest rates that occurred in the second quarter, and very little of that impairment charge actually resulted from deteriorating credit in our portfolio. There's also at this time, I understand, tremendous sensitivity about CDOs and subprime securities, and let me just review for a minute the mortgage portfolio that we have at CNA. CNA has a mortgage portfolio of just under $11.7 billion. Of that, 3.8% is in CDO debt. But of that that's in CDO debt, a substantial portion -- in fact, most of that is in commercial CDOs, and mostly rated Single A. We also have about a -- just under $700 million of asset-backed securities that are backed by subprime mortgages. And that is a portfolio that we are, in fact, very comfortable with. Additionally, because we recognized when we bought these securities, that there was some risk to them, we have also entered into shorts in derivatives to offset some of the risk from those subprime mortgages. So, yes, some of those subprime mortgages are down in price, but the other thing offsetting that is significant increases in the hedge that we had put on to counterbalance those subprime mortgages. That's my answer, Bob, and I'm sticking to it. It's somewhat contingent, but we have every expectation that we will be able to achieve those operational synergies. Getting close to what? Yes, there's some modest seasonality but we also have a pretty balanced portfolio so that when city hotels may not be doing well then for example over Christmas then resort hotels do do well. But overall there isn't dramatic seasonality to the business. Yes, my pockets are still asbestos lined and money doesn't burn a hole in them. There were a total of four. No. It depends on the sector. We don't limit ourselves just to energy. But we just haven't happened to have found the thing that makes the most sense to us yet. We like to think of ourselves as very patient investors. Just because we have cash on the balance sheet, does not mean we feel that we have to use it and we've gone many times for a long period of time, sometimes a decade, before using that cash. So I would make nothing of the fact that we haven't done anything this quarter. I think the leadership is, yes. We have no plans. We currently have $4.9 billion. For the past several quarters we have had roughly $5 billion. And as I am fond of saying over a long period of time -- we don't let cash burn a hole in our pockets. I'm not so worried about that right now. On the one hand, steel prices have come down. But we purchased the lion's share of our steel even before prices went up. Additionally for just about -- for any and every MLP, finance -- access to finance is dramatically more different now than it was previously. [Jane Nabishco] was telling me just before that meeting started that we have some debt with -- Boardwalk has some debt with four and five handles on it, meaning 4.6% and five and change. And last time I looked, if an MLP wanted to issue 10-year debt today, chances are it would start with an eight and maybe a nine. Combine that with the fact that the equity now is dramatically more difficult to raise. And as well, that a substantial portion of the cost is the cost of the crews, the contracting crews. And you see that, if anything, today it is dramatically more difficult to launch a project and also dramatically more expensive. Will the price come down in the future? Yes, possibly, but will there be price declines that will make our lines uncompetitive 10 years from now when some of our contracts start to run off? I don't think so at all. Yes, Bob. I think the pricing of -- I think the reason we have got the pricing increases is because interest rates are so low. And I think that the improvement has really been about underwriting and selection of risks that we want to take. And that has been the focus of Tom for the past three years. It is surprisingly small. It is about $150 million maybe. It is not so big. We have had on our gold investments this quarter, this year to date more than 100% rate of return, not annualized, just in the six months, 100% -- greater than 100% rate of return on those gold investments. My pleasure. Well I want to say Christine that neither Loews nor CG are from the world of big option grantors. So my suspicion is that the charge will be less than for most of the companies that you follow. Oh, I'm sorry. No, no significant change. We have, I think, about $700 million of hedge fund investments and another $400 million to $500 million of equity investments. And then beyond that it is mostly in short-term investments that earn very, very little. There's a lot to be worried about in the world. But I also think that those of us that are on Wall Street can sometimes be overwhelmed by the problems that we see on the horizon and I think from time to time it's important to step back, take off your Wall Street glasses and put on industrial America glasses. And I think things don't look as bad when you look with that lens. We do not have significant exposure to Puerto Rico. With respect to Puerto Rico -- man, it seems to me that they could really use some action in Washington to allow them to make use of the bankruptcy code. Otherwise I think it is going to be a real massive mess because holdouts can just hold out and I don't fully understand just yet how things will settle out. I think so, yes. I think we very possibly could thank the United States Federal Reserve for raising interest over the past year from 1% to 4%. That makes an enormous difference when you're carrying around cash balances at the parent company level of $1.5 to $2 billion. The Loews portfolio, we invest primarily in treasury securities and we also maintain a relatively small equity portfolio. Yes, there will be standard cross indemnities. Loews indemnifying Lorillard for liabilities that result from Loews and likewise Lorillard indemnifying Loews for tobacco liabilities that may result from Lorillard. We were pretty significantly hedged in the second quarter. One minute, we will finally the exact number. We were pretty significantly hedged. Generally, what we want to do is to be hedged about one year's production over the following two years. Not to debt markets, no. You know, I don't like to look back. I look forward. I think the shareholders of Loews have done well. I think the shareholders of Lorillard have done well. I wish Lorillard all the best luck in the world. Marty Orlowski does a phenomenal job running that business. But I don't want to sit here now and second guess should we have done it or shouldn't we have done it. Let me just say we're very pleased with how Loews looks today. Not all of them. Some of them do, but they are each consistent. But the thing that I don't foresee us doing is folding this into Boardwalk. Thank you, David. Before we open up the call for questions, I wanted to add that over the last few years the industries in which our subsidiaries operate have certainly witnessed tremendous changes. We all know that change brings both risk and, importantly, opportunity. Although our experience with HighMount unquestionably has been disappointing, we believe that each of our other subsidiaries, CNA, Boardwalk, Diamond Offshore, and Loews Hotels, have real opportunities ahead that should in the long-term benefit all Loews shareholders. Now I would like to turn the call back over to Mary. I feel very comfortable with the amount of cash that we have had. We have had more cash in the future. We still stand ready to help Boardwalk should they need help on financing some of their capital projects. But as I said in my comments, Boardwalk now has substantially more internally generated capital that will allow it to finance these projects on its own. The thing that I am not surprised about is that Boardwalk is now seeing lots of opportunities for growth projects along its system, as we see the flow of gas that previously had gone South-to-North now starting to move North-to-South. And so I feel good about the investment prospects for Boardwalk. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. I trust that you all have had a chance to look at our press release which was distributed earlier this morning. David Edelson, our CFO, will provide details on our earnings later on in the call. That includes investment income, yes. It always does. My English teacher would be proud. Somewhat, yes. We're also -- the $100 million that we invested in land acquisitions in Oklahoma is primarily aimed at oil. We like very much the economics of that drilling program. As I mentioned on the last call, we spent about $100 million for land. And if we find the oil that we anticipate that we will find there, and we are mobilizing to do that right now, if we find that oil there could be an excess of $1 billion of drilling activity to get that oil out. And we see attractive returns on that investment. We don't do tech, but we do do bonds, and the bond market to me, today, seems to be the exact opposite of the bond market that existed in '79, '80, and '81. Back then, for those that may not have been around, short-term interest rates got to 20%, and 30-year Treasurys were trading at 15%. I'm sorry to say that those long Treasurys have since matured. But it was really, for me, at the -- really the beginning of my investing career, quite an education to see a bond market at those kinds of yields for so long, and it was, as an investor in bonds, it was really frustrating at the time, because the math said no way, no how, should these bonds be at these levels, yet it was as if the market seemingly ignored the math and kept them up at those levels. Bonds were called certificates of confiscation at the time, because there was a fear that inflation was going to go forever higher and that budget deficits weren't going to get under control. But, obviously, that's not what happened and it just reminds me of what's going on right now. Except instead of bonds being too damn high in yield, they're too damn low. 2.40 on the 10-year just makes no sense to me, yet, seemingly investors are piling in, either to immunize their pension funds or for whatever other reason, but my guess is that interest rates eventually will move up, once this panic into bonds is over. As a value investor, it's hard to find lots of value in a stock market that's reaching new highs. And so, from our perspective, we're very happy to sit out the market from here. We do have an equity team. They are constantly looking. They are finding things to buy, but they sort of buy them begrudgingly, because they think the overall market is just so high. Yes, hold on one second. We have hedged 70% of our volume at -- this year, the hedge for our '08 -- for all of our '08 hedges, going back from the beginning when we started hedging, so that goes back into '07 is $8.42. And for our '09 hedges the average price is about $9.05. The answer is only about 10%. My guess is it would probably be about 80%. Okay. Questions and Answers Thank you. I'm not going to answer that question. Yes, all three basins have relatively long-lived reserves. Peter, why don't you talk about the mechanics behind the reserve charge? I'm going to let you do those benchmark valuations yourself. I don't want to be citing who I think are our peers in this business. Good morning. So let me just talk about the CNA purchase. It was really simple for us. The stock was trading at $28 a share, the Company for the past two years has paid a $2.00 special dividend and paid a $0.25 quarterly dividend. The stock was yielding in excess of 10% based on historic dividends and that just seemed to us to be too high a yield and too cheap a stock. So we decided that we would buy some shares. Sure. CNA manages its risk assets very carefully because CNA wants to make sure that risk assets do not become too big a percentage of its equity. And additionally, Loews in helping to manage those assets for CNA also is seeing attractive risk investments beyond the hedge fund market. So for example if you look at bank loans that are available in the marketplace there's been a tremendous selloff in many names that now to us are seemingly good investments. So the move out of hedge funds was made in order to make room for additional risk assets that CNA can acquire that we think will be more attractive investments than the hedge funds have been. For the past 20 years hedge funds have been a very, very attractive investment of risk assets and what we're seeing now is just that there are other places where we can invest and get good returns. We don't answer that question. We will let our filings speak for themselves. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today to discuss Loews' second-quarter results. As you know by now, we have reported earnings of $56 million for the quarter as compared to $250 million that Loews earned in the second quarter of 2011. Net income for the quarter includes after-tax non-cash ceiling test impairment charges of $142 million at HighMount related to the carrying value of the financial gas properties. These charges were the result of declines in natural gas and natural gas liquids prices. Loews ended the second quarter with $3.7 billion in cash and investments at the holding company level. This quarter we spent approximately $51 million buying back about 1.3 million shares of Loews stock. During the second quarter, Moody's Investor Service upgraded by one notch the senior unsecured ratings of Loews, CNA Financial, and Diamond Offshore. According to Moody's, Loews's upgrade to A2 reflects the strengthening credit profile of our primary operating subsidiaries and our stand-alone financial strength and conservative financial policies. Moody's also affirmed the CNA Insurance Company's financial strength ratings and revised the outlook on these ratings to positive from stable. So now both Moody's and S&P have CNA's financial strength on positive outlook, which is a real credit to the progress that's being made by the management team at CNA. In addition to the good news from the rating agencies, CNA had a solid quarter which was favorably impacted by lower catastrophe losses and improved non-catastrophe current accident year underwriting results. Lower net investment income from CNA's Limited partnership investments created a drag on an otherwise strong improvement in net operating income. The LP investments produced a second quarter pretax loss of $35 million in 2012 as compared to pretax income of $11 million in 2011. The combined ratio for the P&C operations excluding catastrophe losses and prior year development improved by nearly 3 points versus last year's second quarter. Also the reported combined ratio improved by 4.3 points to 101.7 during the second quarter. CNA continues to close the underwriting performance gap with its best-in-class competitors. There is more work to be done and we look forward to CNA continuing its steady progress towards becoming a top-tier industry performer. In July, CNA closed its acquisition of Hardy Underwriting, a specialized Lloyd's underwriter with a solid market reputation and a long history of disciplined underwriting. This acquisition will provide CNA with a key platform for international growth. Hardy's results will be included in CNA's and Loews's third-quarter results. Turning to Diamond Offshore and the offshore drilling market, Diamond had a solid quarter despite its net income being down by about $60 million versus last year's second quarter. The biggest driver of the decline was that Diamond had five rigs in the shipyard this quarter for the five-year special surveys compared to none during the same period last year. It is worth mentioning that despite the drop in oil prices, the offshore drilling market continues to show real strength and we believe that Diamond is well positioned to take advantage of these market conditions, given its rig availability over the coming two to three years. Recent contracts signed by Diamond and other drillers from midwater, deepwater and ultra deepwater rigs indicate that demand is strong. Diamond continues to focus on modernizing its fleet. As a reminder, Diamond has four ultra deepwater drill ships under construction in Korea. Earlier in '09, Diamond purchased two ultra deepwater semisubmersibles in bankruptcy auctions. And most recently, Diamond is reconstructing an older semisubmersible into a high spec drilling unit to be named the Ocean Onyx. The rig was recently awarded a one-year contract at a rate of $490,000 per day to work in the US Gulf of Mexico upon delivery from the shipyard in the third quarter of 2013. Diamond is actively considering another project similar to the Ocean Onyx that should provide the Company with very attractive returns. The cost of this fleet renewal since 2009 amounts to almost $4 billion. Now let's turn to Boardwalk. While Boardwalk had a good quarter, the market fundamentals of the base business remain challenging. Sustaining low natural gas prices, compressed basis spreads, and narrowing seasonal spreads are making it difficult for Boardwalk to grow its base business. In light of this, Boardwalk has prudently decided to hold distributions steady in this quarter rather than raise the pay out. This action will help Boardwalk strengthen its balance sheet as it continues to focus on long-term growth prospects. We remain bullish on Boardwalk over the long-term. Stan Horton and his team are not standing still. They have a number of projects in the works that should enhance the Company's prospects. At HighMount E&P, low natural gas prices continue to impact the Company's results since it is primarily a producer of natural gas. Given the difficult environment for natural gas, HighMount is scaling up its effort to produce more oil. In the Permian Basin, HighMount has put dry gas development activity on hiatus and is focusing on drilling Wolfcamp Shale wells that have high oil potential. Additionally, HighMount is now starting to drill for oil on the land they acquired last year in the Mississippian Lime in Oklahoma and we are hopeful about seeing significant oil production from this property. Overall, we are encouraged by HighMount's efforts to pursue projects that have the potential to diversify its product mix and generate high returns in the current environment. As you know, for the second quarter, HighMount recorded a non-cash ceiling test impairment charge. As I said last quarter, but it bears repeating, ceiling test impairment charges are mandated by Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and not because the gas is no longer in the ground. Bob, you know that we don't talk about share repurchases, so I don't want to -- I don't want to talk about that in any way. We will let you know when we get there. Yes. That's right. Plus if you think of it in terms of the mileage that the average MCF of natural gas travels, it is dramatically lower because the natural gas is not coming from Texas up to the Northeast, it is coming from Pennsylvania up to the Northeast. And in fact, the reason that Boardwalk is moving forward with the Bluegrass pipeline project is because it has excess capacity going up to the Northeast. In the Texas gas system we call it a pipeline, but it really has three separate pipes that go from Louisiana up to Ohio. And in the Bluegrass project we are planning to take one of those pipes that formerly carried natural gas and instead we are going to convert it to a pipeline that is capable of carrying natural gas liquids. Those natural gas liquids are currently being produced in the Marcellus shale and there is very limited capacity to take away those natural gas liquids. So what we are trying to do is get commitments from natural gas and NGL producers to haul their natural gas liquids from the Marcellus Shale down through a combination of new pipelines and our existing pipelines to new processing facilities, fractionation facilities in Louisiana. That is a major effort for Boardwalk and, as I said in my remarks, we will have a pretty good sense, I believe, in the first quarter of this year -- of 2014 whether or not this project will move forward. Peter, are you there? So, when I think about what I do, I think my primary job is that of capital allocator. We allocate capital to Loews' share repurchases, to purchases of subsidiary shares, we allocate capital from time to time to our subsidiaries to the extent that they might need capital from Loews and it represents a good return to Loews. And then we also allocate capital to -- less often but in bigger amounts to repurchase -- to purchase, sorry, new businesses. So these are just the types of capital allocation issues that we have, the competition for our capital. And from my perspective, and the Loews Corporation perspective, we are constantly making judgments every day what is the best place for our capital. And the times when we bought CNA shares and the times when we bought Diamond shares, at those points in time, without the benefit of a rearview mirror today, we decided to purchase those shares. From Diamond to Loews? The parent company investment portfolio is pretty bland right now. We have just under $500 million of the portfolio of common stock and we have lots of treasury bills and from time to time we'll participate in the treasury market by going long, treasury bonds. But it's pretty bland right now. Anyone else? Bonnie, we'll let you be the last questioner. Well, I would have to defer that to Loews since this is a matter for the Loews Board determined. For CNA, yes. I can tell you what I think the Board is thinking and it is the Board that really determines the dividend policy of Carolina Group. There are basically two uses for the excess cash that comes up to Carolina Group after the payment of the interest on the debt. The cash can either be used to increase the dividend or the cash can be used to pay down the notional intergroup debt. Remember once all the intergroup debt has been paid down entirely then the only place where the cash goes is basically into dividend payments. So the Board by its actions is obviously embarked on a strategy of paying down the intergroup debt as quickly as possible so that all the shareholders can get that significantly increased dividend as soon as that debt is all paid down. We're going to be getting into the world of oil and gas accounting, so an important factor here is that we are getting a step up basis so that we will spread this $4.25 billion (sic -- see press release) purchase price over all of the assets that we're acquiring. That shouldn't affect the earnings too much, but will have an affect on the cash flow because we should get some significant tax benefits from having that tax shield. So, I don't want to argue the merits of gold, I would just say that for us gold in our portfolio has been a very good hedge. That when stocks are down gold tends to outperform and when stocks are up gold tends to underperform. And so, it has been I think a very good balance for our portfolio. We were pretty significantly hedged in the second quarter. One minute, we will finally the exact number. We were pretty significantly hedged. Generally, what we want to do is to be hedged about one year's production over the following two years. Marty, I have it. $8.2 million in the quarter. A large scale acquisition would be a use of cash just the way share repurchases are a use of cash. We weigh the long-term benefits of all the different opportunities including share repurchases and acquisitions in trying to determine what is the best course for Loews. So it is sort of like going to the eye doctor and looking at the eye chart and say is A more attractive or B more attractive, can you see more clearly with A or B. And we make our decision that way. We don't feel that we have to make an acquisition. What we feel we have to do is constantly be striving to increase the long-term value of the company. And we use whatever means we can which we believe provides the best results for all our shareholders. Yes, we will. No. They are generally being held in cash instruments. So roughly I would say the amount of hedge funds and equities that we own did not increase. Yes. I don't want to talk about hypotheticals like that. I just want to say, though, that where I thought you were going was if there was a meltdown of the financial markets, I think that the CNA portfolio is in terrific shape in order to take advantage of that. And in fact, we've been doing that in certain markets now that have seen particular stress, we've been allocating more and more capital to those markets. So we actually -- we're actually having a pretty good time in these markets, notwithstanding the stress, or in fact because of the stress. I, the answer is no. I'm loathe to answer that because then if we don't answer it then what do you conclude? I think our actions speak pretty loudly. We've held 70 million shares of Diamond Offshore for -- ever since it went public and as I said today we are positive on the industry and we are expecting that Loews over the next several years will have significant cash flow from our investment in Diamond. Well, if you want to be pessimistic, then don't send your cards and letters. If you want a chance at changing it, then let your voice be heard because my guess is that a lot of (inaudible) are expressing their opinions loud and clear to the FASB. But, investment professionals who are actually responsible for managing money and doing serious published investment analysis are not being heard. And those are the people that really need to communicate with the FASB. Look, I am not much of a political analyst. For me it is a great amateur sport. But I would say my guess is a pretty good chance that they are going to get the proverbial ball over the goal line this year and allow for the exportation of oil from the United States. From my perspective it certainly makes a lot of sense. Right now we have a system that favors the refiners by making available to them oil at very cheap prices because it can't be exported. And instead the refiners are exporting 3 million to 4 million barrels a day of refined products. So, all we are doing with our current system is subsidizing refineries and penalizing oil producers. I think that sounds about right. Yes, we will get it for you. It's probably 73 million -- 72.9 million. Yes, it can. Andy, I have to be honest with you, I'm sorry you asked the question. A portion of the increase in reserves is a result of revisions that came about because the natural gas prices are higher than they were before. But as the drill bit -- I don't think I have the number right here. Just looking to see exactly how much we replaced at the drill bit and how much was revision. It was primarily, yes, primarily coupons. When you talk about the investment portfolio, I wasn't sure if you were going to talk -- I thought you were going to talk about the CNA investment portfolio, but are you instead talking about Loews? Good morning. That is correct. Let me take a shot at that. I don't think anybody really knows and I think we are going to have to wait and see. What we've seen, to date, is that there is increased scrutiny on the part of regulators. My guess is that increased scrutiny will continue and probably increase. But I don't think that anybody, at this point in time, probably not even the President, knows exactly what is going to be the new regime in the Gulf of Mexico and waters offshore of the United States once the dust settles from this tragedy. We are doing a few things. I will fill in more of the blanks next quarter, after Steve Hinchman has had a chance to be at the Company for more than a month. Thank you, Darren, and good morning. 2007 was a very good year for Loews. Despite encountering a few bumps in the proverbial quality road our annual consolidated net income of $2.5 billion was unchanged from last year. Diamond Offshore, Lorillard and Boardwalk Pipeline each delivered record earnings for the full year '07 and CNA reported solid operating income. Our fourth quarter earnings contained a number of nonrecurring items that unfavorably affected an otherwise good year for Loews. These items are outlined in our press release and in a few moments, Peter Keegan will discuss them in further details. For two consecutive years, CNA has delivered strong consistent financial performance, while results have been helped by mild hurricane seasons in '06 and '07, CNA has benefited from its disciplined approach to pricing and risk selection as conditions in the insurance marketplace continue to soften. CNA has a highly diversified book of business, which it is willing to grow or to reduce depending upon market conditions in order to optimize underwriting returns on its insurance portfolio. CNA's quarterly dividend policy initiated during the past year currently pays $0.15 per share and generates more than $140 million of cash for Loews on an annual basis. Diamond Offshore recorded another year of record results as the Offshore Drilling market continued to surge. Midwater and deepwater rig demand remained healthy, especially in the international sector. Consequently, Diamond's revenue backlog grew from $7 billion at the beginning of '07 to $11 billion at year-end. Last week, Diamond's Board of Directors declared a special quarterly dividend of $1.25 per share, in addition to the regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share. These regular and special dividends represent a quarterly payment for Loews of almost $100 million. Lorillard has posted another excellent year. In a few moments, Marty Orlowsky will discuss operating results, but I would first like to briefly update our previously announced plans to spin off Lorillard. At the time of the announcement, we outlined a few steps that need to be taken prior to completion of this transaction. The first step is for Loews to receive a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS, as well as an opinion of tax council regarding the tax-free nature of the transaction. We have submitted our application to the IRS and are expecting a favorable response within our planned time frame. Another step is the clearance of the registration statement by the SEC, and as you may have seen, we made the initial filing of the Form F4 this past week. And, finally, following receipt of these items, and assuming a decision to proceed by the Loews' Board of Directors, we continue to expect completion of the transaction in June or July of '08. Given that we are currently in registration, we will be unable to answer any further questions regarding the spin-off transaction. Boardwalk finished '07 with another good quarter. Strong demand for gas transportation services on existing systems lead to increases in capacity reservation rates. However, the market for park-and-loan gas storage services weakened because of the decline in natural gas price spreads. We're more continued to make headway on numerous expansion projects during '07, including its most notable achievement, the commencement of service on the east Texas to Mississippi expansion. This line is effectively sold out with contracts having a weighted average term of almost seven years. Boardwalk has announced the cash distribution of $0.46 per unit, which represents the eighth consecutive quarterly increase since the Company went public. This payment will result in a quarterly cash flow to Loews of more than $40 million which includes the incentive distribution rights of the general partner. HighMount exploration and production is off to a good start after completing its first full quarter of operations under the Loews umbrella. When we acquired HighMount, we talked about the factory nature of their drilling program. That comment has been [borne] out in the time that we have owned HighMount. Of the 242 wells drilled during '07, 236 produced commercial quantities of natural gas, yielding a 98% success rate. Loews Hotels also had a good year and continues to benefit from ongoing favorable market conditions in the lodging industry. Our hotels saw a revenue per available room increase to $184 in '07 from $168 in the prior year, reflecting improvements in room rates and occupancy. So, to sum up, at Loews we continue to do everything we can to build value for our shareholders and our core strategies continue to yield positive results. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan. No, you know what? Each one of them has something exciting that's going on. Don't be bored by my answer, just listen carefully. At CNA we have strong earnings. Last year I think -- well this year earning double-digit returns on capital and hopefully continuing and hopefully paying cash up to the parent. Lorillard it's like watching a duck swim. On the surface it just gives us these consistent returns every year, but we understand that underneath the water Marty and his team are paddling like hell to try to keep growing. Believe it or not, there absolutely was no connection between the two. CNA came to the realization on their own that they had excess capital and wanted to pay a special dividend and so notified us. The people at CNA did not know what was going on at Boardwalk and, likewise, we did not tell them, nor did we prod them for a special dividend. This was purely coincidence. First, back to Economics 101. The thing that is going to move demand up is price going down, not price going up. Price going up is really appreciated by us; but in order for demand to increase, price needs to be down. Spot gas prices now are about $2.50 an Mcf. That is the equivalent to about $15 per barrel of oil. Oil is currently trading -- West Texas Intermediate is trading at $97 a barrel; and Brent crude, which has really become the international marker, is at $115 a barrel. So, gas is very, very cheap. And what we have seen is that we have had a number of years now where gas has traded under 30% of the price of oil. What that is doing, I believe, is that it is getting people to think about changing from oil to natural gas. My pleasure. Yes, you aren't referring to that though -- So CNA has a $40 billion portfolio. It has about $37 billion or $38 billion of fixed income investments. And of that, one-third is invested in a matched portfolio because it is there to defease or offset long-term liabilities of some of our runoff businesses. And the other two-thirds is basically for the property/casualty insurance business. And so that portfolio, that unmatched portfolio generally has a duration of about five years. So when you think about it, if you invest in 10-year bonds all your cash flow, then you have got a portfolio with a duration of about four years. There is nothing exciting about it. It is pretty high quality and it runs off fast enough that when, as and if we get an increase in interest rates, which I expect at some point in time, we will be able to invest in longer-dated securities. Michael, we always look for depressed properties. We always look -- but we don't just limit it to that. We look for opportunities and ways to build our business. My view is the same today as it was when we bought Texas Gas, and that is specifically that these double-digit after-tax cash-on-cash returns are very attractive, especially when compared to what we're able to earn with our cash in the money markets. Additionally, I think this transaction takes us from owning just one pipeline that goes from Louisiana up to Ohio. It positions us as a major player in the pipeline industry, by having a substantial system to collect gas along the entire Gulf Coast and to be able to deliver it significantly beyond the Gulf Coast. I think what we have done with this second purchase is that we have created a major player within the pipeline industry, and I think by doing that, it creates value for Loews beyond what just the numbers might indicate. Oh, a dollar price? Probably north of $5. The gas there that is in the ground that has not been drilled is not going to disappear and one day that could become economic to produce. Two things could happen. Number one, prices could increase and, number two, there could be new technologies that make it possible to drill that. Next, as we said, we are -- there are different stratas within our fields in Sonora that do hold large amounts of oil. And, specifically, I mentioned during my comments that we are drilling in the Wolfcamp within Sonora. We have drilled a number of wells -- that is what we call our science experiment -- to see if we can figure out how to move to development drilling in a commercial manner. We are not there yet, but over the next several quarters hopefully we will have more to say about that. We will let you know when we get there. Pete's answer is for Loews, the parent company, and does not necessarily include the subsidiaries. Thank you, Darren. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. During the second quarter, we successfully completed the split off of our tobacco subsidiary of Lorillard, creating significant value for the holders of Loews common stock and the former holdings of Carolina Group stock. As part of the transaction, Loews completed an exchange offer that resulted in the retirement of 93.5 million shares of Loews common stock, representing 17.6% of our outstanding shares. In each of the last three decades in the 70s, in the 80s and in the 90s, we repurchased more than 25% of our common shares that were outstanding at the decade's start. Owing to the successful outcome of the exchange offer, which was oversubscribed by a factor of nearly two times, we have continued this trend by buying in more than 25% of our stock since 2001. With an exchange ratio of 0.7, Lorillard's shares per share of Loews common stock, the exchange offer resulted in earnings accretion for the remaining shares of Loews common stock while still offering a premium for those low shares than were tendered. We wish much success for our Lorillard colleagues as they move forward as an independent publicly traded company. As I have said before, Lorillard is in very capable hands with Marty Orlowsky at the helm. He is an extraordinary executive and should continue to create value for his shareholders just as he did in the past for Loews and Carolina Group shareholders. For the second quarter, Loews reported income from continuing operations of $511million compared to $422 million for the prior year's second quarter. This increase reflects the solid performance at each of our subsidiaries and in particular, our energy companies We will give it to Darren Daugherty. I don't want to get into speculation about what we might do with any of our (inaudible) securities of those subsidiaries. Okay, let's start with Diamond. When we bought back the shares of Diamond I think that we did not anticipate that the decline in offshore drilling would be as bad as it has been. We didn't anticipate that oil prices would go into the s$20; we didn't anticipate that oil companies would cut back their capital budgets so dramatically. And we certainly didn't anticipate that utilization today of drilling rigs would be at the levels that they are at. So, I think we were surprised, and I daresay that the rest of the market was surprised, by what has happened in the offshore drilling industry. But now I think we recognize very clearly exactly where we are in that business. With respect to CNA, I would say it is just the opposite of Diamond. Things have worked out pretty much as we have expected. CNA continues to improve on its underwriting; its earnings have come in very strong. And when we bought CNA's stock in the s$20 we said then and we say now the stock is just too damn cheap. You are right, when we bought it it did represent a 10% yield when you look at -- look in the rearview mirror and take into account the special dividend along with the regular dividend. And we believe very much in the strength of CNA's business. As I said in my remarks, we believe strongly in the capital level that CNA has and we believe strongly in the improvements that are taking place at CNA. Yes, we had some investments in bread and butter S&P 500 stocks but we also had some investments in gold and mining shares and those penalized the total return for the quarter. Yes. I agree with you; ultimately, they will be moving back up. That is a decision for the Board of Boardwalk and I don't think that they are thinking right now about when the dividend is going to move up. They are going to -- as any Board would do, they are going to look each quarter at the finances of the Company, at the prospects, at the list of investments they have, at the market price for Boardwalk shares, and they will make their decision accordingly. Well, the Board discusses it from time to time and beyond that I really don't want to go any further on it. We will make the comment when we make the comment and we don't want to comment before then. We'll let all of our filings speak for themselves. It is not a done deal. There should be an exposure draft that comes out pretty soon and that's when the debate will officially begin. So, you could accuse me of gun dropping here. You are correct. Yes, let us -- we're just thumbing through our book to get that. So, on Boardwalk, no, Loews doesn't have to take any write-downs. On CNA, the dividend last year was at a $0.20 per quarter rate and the year before that it was at a $0.15 per quarter rate. And what was the question about Diamond again? No, it doesn't. This is HighMount, Marty. Bob, you know that we don't comment on our share repurchases, so I just won't say anything about that now. So, when I think about what I do, I think my primary job is that of capital allocator. We allocate capital to Loews' share repurchases, to purchases of subsidiary shares, we allocate capital from time to time to our subsidiaries to the extent that they might need capital from Loews and it represents a good return to Loews. And then we also allocate capital to -- less often but in bigger amounts to repurchase -- to purchase, sorry, new businesses. So these are just the types of capital allocation issues that we have, the competition for our capital. And from my perspective, and the Loews Corporation perspective, we are constantly making judgments every day what is the best place for our capital. And the times when we bought CNA shares and the times when we bought Diamond shares, at those points in time, without the benefit of a rearview mirror today, we decided to purchase those shares. On the Boardwalk call today, Stan Horton did enunciate a policy of looking for MLP-eligible assets that go beyond the [intrastate] natural gas pipeline business. Right now Boardwalk is primarily [intrastate] natural gas pipeline. Boardwalk has expanded its look for assets but we have nothing in mind at this point in time, nothing in particular in mind at this point in time. The shipping has been very profitable. Most recently, as many of you know, tanker rates coming from the Persian Gulf doubled in about one week from about break even to a nice profit between the first and second week of October. Then they just about doubled again as we moved [inaudible] to January. That was caused, I believe, by the shutdown of Venezuelan production. Now that Venezuelan production is coming back online, we've seen tanker rates move down somewhat and it's now down to about the same level that it was at after the initial doubling of rates in October. With respect to profitability at Diamond Offshore, we don't make forecasts for any of our companies, but right now, as I said in my opening remarks, the market for rigs in general is sort of bouncing along at pretty much break-even rates. The reason that we're in the offshore drilling business is because like the tanker business, rates can move very rapidly when supply and demand come into balance and from the &quot;hope springs eternal&quot; department, we're hopeful that at some point during this year the market for offshore drilling rigs will rebound and we'll be able to see some significant improvements in profitability. My pleasure. One other thing I want to add back to the question about production volumes. The volumes I gave you were before consideration of the VPPs and the VPPs, which are volume production payments, the numbers after the VPPs would have been 26 billion cubic feet for the quarter and 51.7 billion cubic feet for the year-to-date. So there are about seven people at Loews that are involved in capital allocation. We all sit within 50-feet of each other, and we all have open doors and we have, what I consider to be an extraordinarily collegial process in working with each other and talking to each other. We have formal meetings once a week for at least an hour, an-hour-and-a-half where we review all of our businesses and what we're going to do with the capital, but that really understates the level of communication that's going on. Because like I said, we're all there with each other, constantly talking, constantly discussing different opportunities, weighing them, assessing the risks, assessing the potential returns, and thinking about where we can best allocate our capital. We're comparing projects for Boardwalk where that might use capital. We're thinking about share repurchases, we're looking at businesses that we might buy. So there is this constant, constant discussion of allocation of capital. In fact, I think that that's really what distinguishes us from most S&P 500 companies. When you think about an S&P 500 company, the CEO is constantly thinking how do I increase net income? How do I increase net income? How do I increase net income? At Loews, I'm not really thinking about that. And nor are the people that surround me. Yes, the CEOs of our four subsidiaries, they are veterans of their businesses and they are focused 24/7 on increasing the net income of their businesses. But when it comes to us, we're thinking about how do we allocate our capital to build value for our shareholders? So some may say that that's a distinction without a difference, but I say it's all the difference in the world between the minds that we have versus the minds that an S&P 500 CEO has. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews had net income of $269 million or $0.69 per share for the second quarter of 2013 as compared to $56 million or $0.14 per share for the same quarter last year. Last year's second quarter was impacted by an after-tax ceiling test impairment charge at HighMount of $142 million or $0.36 per share. Before we take a closer look at the results and the progress of each of our subsidiaries, I want to address the rise in interest rates since May 3 and the impact these rates -- rate increases have had and will have on our investment strategy and our fixed income portfolio. Let's take a trip down memory lane. In February of 2011 I stated on our earnings call that interest rates in the US would inevitably rise. I remarked that rising interest rates would result in a decline in the market value of CNA's investment portfolio given that CNA's portfolio is comprised predominantly of fixed income securities. Such a decline would, in turn, negatively impact GAAP book value. Fast-forward to today and that is exactly what is happening. CNA's unrealized gain decreased by 41% or $1.8 billion during the second quarter from $4.3 billion at March 31 to $2.5 billion at June 30. There is, however, a silver lining to higher interest rates, which is that CNA will have the opportunity to invest its significant operating and investment cash flows into higher yielding securities. As a reminder, CNA manages its investments within two distinct portfolios -- the property-casualty portfolio, which supports the core P&C liabilities; and the Life & Group portfolio, which supports the longer duration liabilities in CNA's life and group segment. The ability to invest at higher yields ultimately benefits both portfolios. But that is enough from the I-told-you-so department; now let's move smartly along to the I-would-rather-be-lucky-than-smart department. As many of you on the call know, on May 2 we issued $1 billion of senior debt securities consisting of $500 million of 10-year notes with a 2.625% coupon and $500 million of 30-year bonds with a coupon of 4.125%. Given our already strong cash position we had no immediate need for additional funds, so this transaction was purely opportunistic, allowing us to take advantage of favorable rates. Little did we know how favorable they would be. As it turns out we issued our securities when interest rates were at their lowest. Like I said, I'd rather be lucky than smart. Over the years we have found that it is easier to raise money when you can rather than when you have to. Now let's take a look at our subsidiaries' results starting with CNA. CNA received some great news in June when S&P upgraded the Company's financial strength rating from A- to A, in recognition of CNA's strong capital position and earnings. It's a real credit to the progress being made by the management team at CNA. Well, first of all, remember these are long-life reserves so they're not as affected by the short-term pricing as -- by short term prices of natural gas as shorter-lived reserves might be. And when we sold these properties, we received approximately the same price per Mcf in the ground as when we bought these properties. So, we felt that in view of what the pricing was for the assets that it made sense to sell at this point in time. Okay. Pete's got the information on the tax rate. Good morning. So we are first and foremost capital allocators. We try to assess carefully what are the risks of an investment and we try to assess what are the rewards. All the while also thinking about how do we maintain and grow our businesses. Because if you don't grow in this world, you die. And so whereas -- this is one of the benefits of being a conglomerate because by not having to run an E&P company or an insurance company, I come to the office every day thinking how do I allocate capital, how do I create value for all of our shareholders. That is the primary thing that I am thinking of. I am not thinking about a salesforce. I am not thinking about a problem with a horizontal well. I am thinking about how to create value. And that is what I do, along with the top five or six people at Loews. That is our focus every day, talking about investment opportunities at our subsidiaries in terms of repurchasing our own shares or buying another business. It is a constant discussion. We are currently receiving incentive payments -- incentive distribution rights on our general partnership interests. We're at the 25% level and we get to the 50% level once the distribution gets to $0.525 Yes, all three basins have relatively long-lived reserves. That's correct. No, it doesn't. Those are between the two parties. Sure. CNA is an integral part of Loews. Loews has owned or controlled CNA for almost 35 years now. And we describe ourselves as unabashedly a conglomerate. And we think that in that context, CNA fits in very well with Loews. We like the outlook and prospects for CNA. And so it's staying where it is. No, no, no, no. We have a general rule that we don't talk about our share repurchases, other than to basically report what we have repurchased at the end of the quarter. I can't give you any help as to whether we are more or less aggressive. Let me just say that in deciding how to allocate the Company's capital at the holding company level, we try to weigh carefully acquisitions, share repurchases, or just retaining the cash in the Company itself. And there is no set formula for that, but it is something that we talk about constantly. Six months or so. No. Those just go straight into our income. We treat those as trading securities and we mark them to market every quarter. Let me talk about the management of the cash, first of all. Our portfolio has not changed significantly. We have equity securities representing between 10% and 15% of the $4 billion that Loews has on its balance sheet. And then we also have an investment in limited partnerships, which are fairly liquid, that also represents another 10% to 15% of the portfolio. And also investment income. Interest income on our cash balances. We sold some Carolina Group, I think, in the fourth quarter of last year, but we didn't repurchase -- we didn't purchase any shares of Diamond Offshore. Or I should say, we didn't purchase any significant shares of Diamond Offshore; there were a few thousand shares that we were purchased, but that was it. Glad you noticed. Well, first of all, this dividend reduction is done from a position of strength. The reason that Boardwalk -- the Board of Boardwalk cut the dividend so dramatically is because they wanted to make sure that the Company would have the capital that it needed to finance growth projects for Boardwalk as well as having the ability to bring the debt-to-EBITDA levels down to the 4-to-1 range. So it was really done from the position of strength. It was done with the thought in mind that they want to protect the holders of Boardwalk from dilution that might occur from a reduction in -- a modest reduction in the dividend whereby the Company would have to continue to access the equity markets. And the Board decided that the best way to protect long-term investor value was to make this more draconian cut so that the Company would not have to access nearly as much of the capital markets. Our basis is very complicated because we don't have a basis in the ships; we have a basis in our investment in Hellespont Shipping Corp, which was a partnership that we entered into going back to 1990. My pleasure. I think that sounds about right. Good morning. Okay. Fifty-one percent, but our economic interest is higher than that. It was about $5.1 billion. Let me just say something before Darren gets on. Bob Glasspiegel referred to it at the beginning of the call. We think this is Darren's last call on the Loews call. Darren has been here for a number of years and done an admirable service. And so, as a reward for all the fine work that he's done, he is moving to Houston and has become the head of IR for Diamond Offshore, where there are a lot more callers into the quarterly calls, there are a lot more analysts that follow the company and he's staying dramatically more busy than he has been here at Loews. Take it away, Darren. You will be among the missed here. I've tried to, in these calls, check the transcripts over the past several years. I've tried to talk about how CNA is doing, the strategies that they have been putting in place. And now I think we are seeing, after the past three quarters, that those strategies are actually starting to gain traction. Beyond that, I'm not going to stand out in front of the office with a sandwich board saying buy CNA stock. Instead, instead, as you can see, Loews has been buying its own stock. And the price of Loews stock, I think, reflects the low valuation that CNA is receiving. So that's one of the reasons that gives us so much confidence buying in our own shares. He's a player. He's a player, he's bigger. And last time I looked, he doesn't repurchase his own shares. I wouldn't dare speak for him. I wouldn't dare challenge his success. He's done it very, very well. And all I can say is, it's nice company to be compared to him. And at the end of the day, we anticipate that Lorillard will pay the same amount that Altria and Reynolds American pays, so at some point in the future, you would expect the accounting for each of these three companies to be the same. The problem now is that each management has to make an estimate of what they think the actual liability will be, or whether in fact there is any liability at all. So, you see -- what you see are three different estimates from three different companies. I just want to thank all of you for taking the time to come here. I hope this has been informative to you. I also want to publicly thank the four gentlemen plus one over here, plus the other CEOs of our business, [Herb Hoffman], and Jack Adler. And I'd also like to thank the senior staff of Loews many of whom are here. One thing I can tell you about Loews. It is not a one-person, or a two-person, or a three-person show. This is a group effort. It's run by a group of very dedicated employees who work together in a very collegial way. It's a pleasure and an honor, and it's also fun to work here. We enjoy what we do every day and hopefully it will remain that way. So, thank you for coming. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. I have that here. For the general partner, we received about $10 million a quarter. My pleasure. Don't confuse cash with net worth at Lorillard's. That makes sense, yes, there will be no more interest expense on the notional debt and there will be no more amortization of the debt itself. So all the cash flow coming up CG will be available subject to the discretion of the board to be paid out to all the CG shareholders. Go for it. No. No, we do not factor in any synergistic opportunities here. So, first, let's talk about where we are in our drilling program. Currently, spot natural gas prices are at about $4.83 for March delivery. That price is below the level that is economic for our nation, as a whole, to replace the gas that is being consumed. And so, what you've seen is a very significant decline in gas drilling rates that go on from about 1,600 now, down in a straight line to about 1,100. And they're still dropping. Analysts believe that they will probably have to go to 800 before the supply and demand equation changes. The good news is that there's a fairly rapid response to a decline in drilling rates. The depletion rate in the United States is somewhere between 25% and 30%. So if all drilling were to stop, production would decline in the United States by about 30% over the coming year. So we need to do drilling just to maintain production. And my guess is that in order for us, as a nation, to have enough incentive for people to drill, we need gas prices that are about $2 to $2.50 higher than the current level. With that said, there still are a few areas like Haynesville, where even at sub-$5 gas, it's still profitable to drill. With respect to HighMount, we don't operate in Haynesville and we don't operate in any areas where, on a fully allocated basis, it makes sense to drill. So we are in the process of reducing the number of rigs that we have working for us, especially in Sonora, which is our largest field. And we're going to take a time out, assess the situation and then, as the market improves, we'll begin to drill once again. That is an issue, but the amount of oil that is produced from onshore shale formation is relatively low compared to the amount of oil that is produced worldwide. So just rough order of magnitude, there is 100 million barrels a day of oil that are produced in the world and the amount that comes from shale formations is less than 5% of that. If you look back a few years it is dramatically lower. And the question I think you are asking is whether in the next five years instead of being 5% that amount can be 10%, 15% or 20%. And my guess is that that will not happen. That shale is a significant factor here in the United States, but it is not a significant factor in the rest of the world. And that has to do with a lot of things that we have here in the United States that don't obtain in the rest of the world. It has to do with the legal regime. It has to do with the fact that mineral rights are owned by the land owner, not by the state. It has to do with the entrepreneurial drive. It has to do with the fact that there is a oil service industry here that is very, very highly developed. It has to do with pipelines in place and transportation and roads and population density. And again, all of those have come together here in the United States and for one reason or another tend not to exist on nearly the same scale in the rest of the world. So, for the time being my guess is -- my strong guess is that the shale revolution that we are seeing here in the United States will not -- will not occur in the same scale internationally and therefore won't be significant factor with respect to the Offshore Drilling markets. Capital for rent. And so, we got into Lloyd's not for the reinsurance as much as for what it could potentially lead to in terms of international business, because it gives you a flag in 100-and-some-odd countries. But, our investment in Hardy, which is the Lloyd syndicate, was relatively small compared to CNA. So, I just can't see us getting into the reinsurance business. Been there, done that, got the T-shirt, and we're out of it. I call reinsurance, capital for rent. I think that in the primary business, which is what CNA is, we have a real -- the business can stick to us. And the reason is because we have a few thousand agents around the country who send business to us. And that is really, really important. That agency plant is a very important part of the business, and makes it very difficult for people that don't have established agency plans to come and compete with us. We're dealing with basically middle-market companies that need to buy insurance, that need agents to help them buy it, and we know how to deal with those agents and with those companies, and price that insurance. And so, it makes it difficult for significant competition to come in, that's number one. Number two, in my opinion, this industry -- commercial property casualty industry -- has extraordinary capital management. Look at what Jay Fishman has done at Travelers. Their statutory capital has not increased since 2006. They've returned all their earnings and then some in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Likewise, Chubbs has followed suit, CNA is basically paying out most of this year, paying out most of its earnings in dividends. So what you see is, unlike prior times when earnings would accumulate and insurance companies would use that to compete and lower prices, instead, the excess capital is being returned. So, it leads me to think that in this down cycle it won't be nearly as dramatic as in prior down cycles. I don't want to give a number. No. No, no, no. CNA earned from its insurance operations, which includes interest and investment income, earned $318 million. Which I might add, is the most that CNA has ever earned in a quarter from its operating business. Our capital spending is not driven by the economy per se. It's driven by the needs of the individual businesses and the opportunities that we see in the individual businesses. My guess is that if we had 5% growth instead of 2% growth, that that would translate into more opportunities that we see in the existing businesses. But right now, notwithstanding the 2% growth, we have actually committed to pretty significant capital spending at Diamond Offshore. We're also looking to do that at HighMount with our drilling for hydrocarbons. And at Boardwalk Pipelines, they are pursuing opportunities to build out our pipeline system even further. So even with a 2% growth environment, we still have plenty of things to look at. We're primarily focused in the US for a number of reasons. Number one, they don't make airplanes fast enough. Number two, they haven't eliminated time zones. Number three, we have a tough enough time understanding how to do business in the culture here in the United States, and to think that we could, from a few thousand miles away, master it in a foreign country just doesn't really make sense to me. Additionally, the question always has to arise if the opportunity is so good, why aren't the locals in that foreign country taking advantage of it? So for all of those reasons we tend to maintain our focus here in the United States. We're not afraid to have businesses that deal internationally. For example, Diamond Offshore has very substantial operations that occur outside the United States, but we are in general looking for businesses that are located here in the States. No, if I had Buffett's cash hoard, chances are I'd be doing the same thing. But in stead of having $10 billion on our balance sheet, we see that we'll have say $2.5 billion with 1 billion coming in on an annual basis. But, yes, I like to have excess cash around in case CNA needs some help, or in case Diamond Offshore needs it. My guess is that if we hadn't put the $500 million into Boardwalk -- excuse me, if we hadn't put that money into Boardwalk, and if Boardwalk had to access the capital markets to do its financing, chances are it would have sold out the stock that it needed. To sell at about $15 a share, which is a far, far cry from $23 a share, and would have been very detrimental for all Boardwalk LP unit holders, including Loews who own 70%. And it certainly would have been detrimental to the Loews cash flow that would come from the intensive distribution rights related to the general partnership interest in Boardwalk that we hold. No, none at all. Thank you, Marty. In summary, we strongly believe that this transaction will create value both for Loews shareholders and for Carolina Group shareholders and that both Lorillard and Loews will benefit from the spinoff. I have one more comment before we go to questions and answers. Since we will be filing a registration statement with the SEC we are limited today in what we can say on certain topics, including further details regarding the intended transaction or regarding Lorillard's future plan. You will learn more about these topics once we submit our filings to the SEC. Now we would be happy to open the floor to questions. Today Treasury bills are trading just over one percent. No. You mean in the GP. Thank you. Well, there are two things you can do. You can complain about the price of the stock and the value of the stock, or you can do something about it. And there are multiple ways to do something about it. One is as, I guess as you suggest, is to cast some holdings overboard. We're not looking to do that. The other way to deal with that is to buy in shares, and in the past four months, the Company's bought in 4.5 million shares. It's, as I like to say about our share repurchase history, we have a long and glorious history of share repurchases, buying in shares when the stock trades at a discount. Just to get on my soapbox again and provide an advertisement, Loews's stock has appreciated, Loews shareholders for the past 50 years have had a 16% rate of return on their shares, compared to 9% for the S&P 500. So if you had $1 50 years ago and you invested it in the S&P 500, it would be worth about $75 now. On the other hand, that $1, if you had invested it in Loews at 16%, would be worth $1,600 or $1,700. So the appreciation of Loews has been quite extraordinary. And one reason for that has been that we have aggressively bought in the shares. In 1970 we had the equivalent of 1.3 billion shares outstanding, today it's below 430 million. For the life of me, I do not understand why the market values Loews so cheaply. But having said that, I'm not complaining about it. Instead we're buying in the shares and we're using that as an opportunity to create long-term value for all Loews shareholders. Beyond buying in the shares and doing what we're doing, I don't know what else we can do to close that valuation gap. It is a great frustration to me. But also I see it as a great opportunity My pleasure. All I'm going to do is thank you for your comments. Bob, you know I can't answer that question other than to say that look at our history of us and our subsidiaries. First of all, we love all of our subsidiaries equally however we manage our investment to maximize the returns to our shareholders. Beyond that, I can't say what we would do with shares of CNA or for that matter, any of our other subsidiaries. All I can say to you is do the best you can. No, nothing -- nothing of any great significance. We did not buy this on the premise that we were going to do something different. We bought this because we thought that there was a lot of value in this package of assets. This is -- as I said in my opening remarks and I reiterate now -- number one, we got long-lived assets, 20 years. and I wouldn't be surprised if the gas that we produce 20 years from now generates more income for us on a present-value basis than the gas that we'll produce next year. We also like the fact that this is factory-type drilling with such high success rates. If you look at a spectrum of exploration and production companies, on one extreme, there are wildcatters that are spending $100 million for a well in the Gulf of Mexico that may or may not be a producer, and then on the other extreme, which is close to where this company is, there is factory-type drilling. So we think that there's good value to be had in this factory-type drilling. We think that we can increase the reserves as well as get cash flow from this investment, and that over time it will increase in value. So I guess what you are talking about is our hotel properties because that is pretty much all of the real estate that we have on our balance sheet. And what I would say is that you have to look at that on a property-by-property basis. Starting next quarter we are going to significantly improve the disclosures with respect to our hotel Company and that I may be able to give you a bit of an indication of the valuations of our property. Additionally, if you want to think about what the valuation is, get on a plane, go down to Florida, look at a Miami Beach hotel, look at what we have put in place at Universal Studios, remembering that we have a 50% interest. And my guess is that any good hotel person should be able to give you a good ballpark estimate of what those properties are worth. I would guess that at this very minute the acquisition market is undergoing a big change. I think that with gas -- with spot gas moving up over $13 an Mcf from probably $5 or $6 in October of '07, that the expectations were very high for what properties could be worth. And then that all ended, I guess, about a month ago and prices have now dropped from over $13. They did get below $9 per spot gas. And the 12-month strip is now trading at about $9.60. So my guess is that the sellers haven't lowered their sites yet, but given another month or two with prices at these levels and we will start to see transactions transactions occur reflective of the economics today for natural gas. It should be very easy because in the Q we are showing consolidating balance sheets. In terms of residual risk that we may have, I would instruct you to read our offering circulars where the lawyers go to great lengths to explain whatever risks that we have, that we may have going forward. In terms of investments. No, I don't think that splitting off Lorillard has changed the way we think about investments and how we are going to move forward on them. They say you can't teach an old dog new tricks. While I think of myself as a young person, when when it comes to investing, I consider myself an old dog and there are just certain principles that I have learned over the past 35 years of investing and those principles apply whether or not Loews owns an interest in a tobacco company. So, no, what we are looking to do, which is to create value, and how we are looking to do it hasn't changed at all. I am glad you did. Let me answer. That is cash of Lorillard. The intergroup debt is not a liability of Lorillard. It is an agreement between Loews and CG for the payment of cash out of the dividend that Loews received from CG and that cash goes back to Loews. And does not then go to the CG shareholders. No, we've -- we have made -- we have not made many acquisitions in the years that we've been involved. We made -- we bought into the offshore drilling industry in the late '80s and early '90s and then we bought into the pipeline industry in '03 and '04. In the interim we grew out our cash position to build up rather significantly and as I like to say but our lawyers don't like me -- don't like to hear it. Right. Okay. No, but what will happen is the amortization that we will have going forward on gas that is produced will be lower. So in essence it will come back invisibly into earnings over time as the gas is produced. It's primarily at the CNA level. It is to do both. We are looking to grow it in furtherance of CNA's core business, but it is also there to write the traditional lines that it has been writing heretofore. It's primarily at the CNA level. Or $5 billion, yes. You net that against the debt. And then I leave it to you to come up with your own fearless forecast for the value of Loews Hotels, the value of HighMount, and the value of the Boardwalk General Partner. Thank you, Darren and good morning everybody. The positive trends we saw last quarter have continued through the first half of '06 with each of our businesses delivering strong results. Operating income increased in all of our subsidiaries but earnings growth was primarily driven by record profits at Diamond Offshore and by increased investment income. CNA had an excellent quarter contributing $281 million to Loews' second quarter operating income. These results reflect increases in investment income as well as continued underwriting discipline that yielded a combined ratio for CNA's core P&C operation of 95.2% down from 99.9% in the second quarter of last year. In addition, CNA's customer retention ratios improved year-over-year while premium rates on average remained stable. Lorillard saw earnings increase 25.6% versus the second quarter of last year driven by pricing strength and lower promotional spending. As usual Marty Orlowsky will provide details on key business trends, but I want to highlight the fact that Lorillard has been able to consistently find the right balance between its promotional spending and market-share performance. The strength of the Newport brand has allowed for steady improvements to profit margin as evidenced this quarter. Diamond Offshore posted a record quarter more than quadrupling earnings versus the second quarter of '05. Diamond has been able to keep its fleet at near full utilization while average day rates show no signs of receding other than limited weakness in the Gulf of Mexico jack-up market that has occurred for technical reasons. Healthy market fundamentals and higher spot rates generally led to increased rates for contract renewals. Meanwhile Diamond's backlog continues to grow. Approximately 95% of the fleet's available days are contracted or committed through the end of '06 and about 67% of available days are contracted or committed through the end of '07. To keep up with market projections for drilling demand, we are investing in our fleet by performing upgrades on two deep water floaters, the Ocean Endeavor and the Ocean Monarch as well as constructing two new jack-up rates. I'm optimistic that current market conditions should remain robust and that these upgrades will provide excellent returns. Boardwalk Pipeline Partners also had another strong quarter. Earnings contributions for Loews includes 20% versus the second quarter of '05 driven by strength in gas transportation, park and loan services, and gas storage services. Boardwalk has declared a quarterly distribution of $0.38, a 2-cent increase over the prior quarter. It does maintain this unblemished record of raising its distribution every quarter since becoming a public company. Boardwalk subsidiary, Gulf South Pipeline, continues to make headway on its pipeline expansion from Carthage, Texas to Jackson, Mississippi and will provide $1.5 billion dollars a day of natural gas delivery capacity. Loews Hotels continue to benefit from favorable lodging market condition with notable performance at our New York and Florida properties. Both occupancy and room rates were up which translated into an 11.2% increase (inaudible) versus second quarter of '05. On the whole our properties are performing well and we are targeting an expansion of our already well-positioned portfolio of properties within the upper upscale segment. Our watch and clock company, Bulova continues to generate excellent performance and consistent profits for Loews. Sales were up 7.8% for the quarter and 9.1% for the first half versus comparable periods in '05 which was a record year for Bulova. Other corporate actions taken during the quarter that are worthy of note include the completion of the three-for-one stock split which we expect will improve the trading liquidity of Loews' share. In coordination with this event, the Board of Directors raised the annual dividends by 25% to $0.25 per share post-split. Additionally, the company purchased over 5.5 million shares of Loews common stock at an average price of just over $34 dollars per share. And as a reminder, we do not discuss our future share repurchase plan. We think our actions fully express our position regarding the price of our stock and the strength of our balance sheet. In May Loews sold 15 million shares of Carolina Group stock which generated $751 million in cash for Loews. Despite these sales, we continue to have a significant economic interest in Lorillard. Our implied holdings of our Carolina Group share equivalence have a market value of approximately $4.6 billion. This is well in the excess of the market value of our holdings at the time of our Carolina Group [inaudible]. I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Keegan. There are always tax implications. I do not know, though, what the specific implications would be. Obviously, any time you go to do something like that, you call in the tax lawyers and there is lots and lots of talk, but we haven't done that. So there's about, I guess, $400,000 to $500,000 in stocks and another $900,000 or so in hedge funds of one sort or another and then the rest is in money market instruments of one sort or another that are paying us very, very little. We do not have too much in the bond market. We are generally bearish on bonds and we think that equities could do reasonably well. We also have a number of gold stocks that did not perform well in the quarter. Oh, you know, the good news is we don't make our forecast and I try not to make forward-looking statements about our businesses in any detail. So I am not going to answer that. I have never, ever, ever, ever seen an accountant say you're being too conservative, and likewise I have never, ever, ever seen them say, gee, the value for that asset is too low on your balance sheet, why don't you write it up? It doesn't happen. Sure. Actually, I think gas prices, truth be told, have come back faster than I would have expected. I think that we as a nation -- well first of all, the natural gas picture has changed dramatically over the past five years. In the past five years gas has gone from a commodity that was seen to be in shortage where it traded in 2008 at $15 an Mcf and now it is a commodity that is seen to be in vast abundance. The United States has about -- that we know of now, about 100 years supply of natural gas. As a country we produce about 65 billion cubic feet per day and we could increase that production by 50%, in my opinion, with a gas price in the $4 to $4.50 range. So what is needed now for the gas market is just continued demand growth. But demand growth has come over the past several years from the power sector as gas has taken significant market share from coal. But I anticipate in the future that there will be increases in other sectors demand for gas as well as continued increases from the power sector. At Loews? So, as I said, we allow our management team -- we rely on them to manage the day-to-day operations of the business. We get involved in helping to set the strategy, financial policies, and investments for those subsidiaries. And the best example I can think of is Diamond Offshore. What we do with Diamond, as well as with all of our subsidiaries, is that we regularly sit down with them. We talk to them about their strategy, their direction, where they want to head, how they want to allocate capital, what they want to spend on, and we work with them, them as the professionals within the business and in the industry who know the industry and their business like the back of their hand, and us as the outsider, as people who are accustomed to allocating capital, as people who look at markets and, I would say, have a larger picture than just that individual industry. And as people who study cycles and try to avoid getting caught up with the mania, and likewise try to lean against the wind when things aren't going so well. And so, that perspective that we bring to those strategy discussions, I believe, adds an awful lot of value in terms of hammering out the long-term strategy for those companies. And so, as I said in my remarks, Diamond Offshore five years ago or four years ago could have been ordering new rigs for $750 million apiece and earning a pretty meager return on those investments. Likewise, before that, Diamond Offshore was upgrading rigs rather than building new ones, and doing the upgrades at half the price and one-third or half the time. So we are able to get the rigs into the market much more quickly. Those strategies that we ultimately came to for Diamond, including the dividend strategy, were the direct result of Loews interaction with the senior management team. And we came to this strategy through total consensus, through discussing the pros and cons of each of those different paths that we could've gone down, and then figuring out what was best for the long-term value for Diamond Offshore and what would be best for its shareholders. If you look at the other offshore drilling companies in the industry, during that time period they did the exact opposite of what Diamond Offshore did. They didn't pay dividends, and they spent a lot of money on new equipment rather than upgrading older equipment that could compete just as well. So, that's just one example of what I believe is the value added that we at Loews can provide by working with our subsidiaries and determining a long-term strategy. That's correct. Morning. So typically -- first of all, we got somewhat lucky on our first two drillships because we were able to charter them soon after we ordered them and that gave us the backbone to exercise the option on the third rig that still hasn't been chartered. But we decided that our history typically has been to belong at least one rig on spec. Up till now, it was upgrades, but now it is newbuilds and upgrades and we have decided that, since we are a bigger company now, we can do that with 2 or 2.5 rigs. Typically what happens in the business is it takes three years between the time you order a rig and the time it can actually start working, but charterers aren't interested in even thinking about your rig until about a year and a half before they want to start drilling. So the drilling contractor is basically on the hook for that time as it is waiting to charter the rig. And there is nothing you can do about that. But we are -- I am sorry to say like many of the other companies in the industry, own some rigs on spec that are unchartered, but we have confidence that they will be chartered. It was a significant consideration. Based on the price of Boardwalk's shares when we agreed to the acquisition, the deal did not make a lot of economic sense for Boardwalk. And Loews was willing to bridge that acquisition and wait for the Boardwalk price to go higher, which in fact has occurred. And I think that the market is now starting to understand that there are very significant things that are taking place at Boardwalk under Stan Horton. There is the recent gathering system that we announced that we are financing in the Marcellus Shale. There is this Petal and Hattiesburg acquisition, and likewise there is the permission that we got from regulatory authorities to convert some of our pipeline near the Eagle Ford Shale into wet gas pipelines from dry gas pipeline. So there is a lot of activity, and my sense is that at some point in time the market is going to understand that Boardwalk's price had been very cheap relative to what its prospects were. That applies to the three Tieschs in management. I don't know about the senior managers of Loews. I would assume not, but I don't know for sure and I don't know if filings were required for them. I don't know what the specific expectations of sellers are. I would put a little differently. I would say that with respect to a lot of businesses, sellers are looking to sell based on the economics of '07 and early '08, and buyers often times are looking to buy based on the economics of late '08 and '09. And it is too early to tell yet exactly how that's all going to weigh out. We're going to have to see, as well, what happens to the economy, and with that in general corporate profits and for each particular instance the profitability of those individual companies. My general sense is that we are not going to have a robust recovery the way we've had from prior recessions. And my reasoning for that is that I believe that this, what we now call great recession, is different from prior recessions. And it is different because it didn't come about because the Fed raised interest rates to choke off an expanding economy, rather it came about, I believe, because we as a nation had a mountain of debt that basically fell down on itself. We had debt to GDP in the '50s of 120% and that has expanded over the past 50 years to 360% of total debt to GDP in our economy. And in '07 and '08 that mountain cracked, and then crashed the economy. When you come out of a normal recession, what happens is that the Fed loosens up on interest rates after they choked off the inflationary expectations, and then the banks lend money, extend credit and with that extension of credit you have that expansion phase coming off of the bottom of the economy. This time around there is not that extension of credit. And the reason is because there is already too much credit in the economy either on the part of the homeowner, homeowner and consumers primarily, but also the overall economy in general. And so I don't believe we're going to get that boost or lift-off phase that you get ordinarily of of the bottom of a recession simply because we're not going to have the accelerant which is the credit extension in order to finance it. So just to bring that back to the price of buying businesses, we operate under the assumption that things are not going to get better, significantly better, in the near term, and we'll have to see what the market is thinking with respect to the economy by looking at the prices that others are willing to pay for businesses that are up for sale. My pleasure. Good to be here. Thank you. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. That's okay. We don't have anything on our plate right now but as I've said many times before, the fact that we had cash on our balance sheet, gave us the ability to buy diamond offshore. Gave us the ability to buy Texas gas. Gave us the ability to buy gulf south. Gave us the ability to go into tankers, into Bulova Watch, our whole Modius Operandi is to work from a strong and conservative balance sheet and use our cash at times when we feel we can create extraordinary value for our shareholders. Thank you everybody, and thanks for that warm, warm welcome. I greatly appreciate it. You know, I want to welcome you to the Loews 2008 Annual Investor Conference. It -- for a whole host of reasons, it is -- I just prefer not to go into that now. It's just a very good structure for us. Your second question concerns? Yes, but additionally you wouldn't build a new second-generation rig today and second if you wanted to build a new second-generation rig it wouldn't cost you $600 million but since nobody's built a second-generation rig in the past 25 years, it's difficult to say what the replacement value of that is. First of all, there's no change in disclosure and secondly, I don't know that there was any foreshadowing. I was commenting about what happened in the third quarter and what's been happening this year. I was expressing some of my frustration with valuation of Loews and our subsidiaries. And I want to make clear, do not confuse frustration with complaining. While I am frustrated, I also consider this a golden opportunity and I think we've taken plenty of advantage of it having repurchased over $750 million worth of our stock this year. But I caution you not to see -- not to take what I said as foreshadow. Yes, I think the prices of our subsidiaries are depressed, but I don't know what that's necessarily going to mean in terms of our share repurchases going forward. We have lots of options we consider. Every day, we think about whether or not we want to buy shares and there are always competing uses for our money. So we think about it and as I think you know from our past experience, we can turn on a dime. Loews has what I would call a long and very glorious history of share repurchases. That's been a way that we have created a lot of value for our shareholders. We recently did a study and found that in current share equivalents, there were 1.3 billion shares outstanding in Loews in 1970. Today, that share count is down to 544 million, and we also saw that in every decade, we repurchased between 25 and 35% of our outstanding shares at the beginning of the decade. The reason I mention this is because share repurchases is from a corporation perspective, almost the equivalent of a dividend, and what we have found out over time is that maintaining share balances allows us, number one, to take advantage of corporate opportunities as they present them and number two, allows us to repurchase our shares at a opportune time. And so the Board has taken -- subscribes the review that it's good for the Company to hold these large cash balances to create value for shareholders and if a shareholder is looking to Loews as a dividend vehicle, then chances are that that shareholder has selected the wrong stock. All right, so you can assume that if there is no quarter to date specified on the release that there weren't any. Yes it has. Yes. I would prefer not to get into that right now. What we need to do first and foremost is to actually get in and have the management of Texas Gas and Gulf South, as well as Loews people sit down and talk about it. And I think it would be premature right now for us to try to get too specific about what cost savings we can achieve. Say again? Color on what? Thank you. And don't forget, send your cards and letters. So, with respect to Diamond, I think your question is 72.9 million. Yes. We did not buy this on the premise that we were going to do something different. We bought this because we thought that there was a lot of value in this package of assets. This is -- as I said in my opening remarks and I reiterate now -- number one, we got long-lived assets, 20 years. and I wouldn't be surprised if the gas that we produce 20 years from now generates more income for us on a present-value basis than the gas that we'll produce next year. We also like the fact that this is factory-type drilling with such high success rates. If you look at a spectrum of exploration and production companies, on one extreme, there are wildcatters that are spending $100 million for a well in the Gulf of Mexico that may or may not be a producer, and then on the other extreme, which is close to where this company is, there is factory-type drilling. So we think that there's good value to be had in this factory-type drilling. We think that we can increase the reserves as well as get cash flow from this investment, and that over time it will increase in value. I think interest rates as I said in my comments are fairly low. We are frustrated by how low they are. We would like them to go higher. We are for CNA, we maintain for our non-matched accounts which represents about two-thirds of the assets at CNA, we maintain a duration of under five for the portfolio. And what we are doing is we are basically investing new cash flow in 10-year securities and as they roll down the yield curve over time, we pick up a pretty good rate of return on those investments. But investing in with that type of strategy is truly a kiss your sister type of strategy. There is nothing at all exciting about it and what we would really like to see is higher interest rates. So it's actually a very legitimate question, whether you should look at the sum of the parts on a pretax or after-tax basis. Let me just start off by saying that Diamond Offshore has a low tax basis because of the fact that we own 50% and the fact that we got back all of our capital that we had initially put in when we took Diamond public. On the other hand, CNA has a relatively high basis because CNA being a consolidated -- within Loews for tax purposes, we get to add back to -- add to our basis each year the earnings and profits of CNA for that year. So, assuming that CNA makes money, then every year the basis goes up. As for Diamond Offshore -- sorry, as for Boardwalk Pipeline, our basis is somewhere in between the value for Diamond and for CNA. When you look at -- when you decide whether or not you want to look at the pretax or the after-tax sum-of-the-parts valuation, the first question you have to ask is, why are you doing this? And if you're doing it because you're trying to compute a liquidation value for Loews, then I would submit to you that the other thing that you ought to think about doing is adding a premium to each one of the stocks for someone to take it over. But again, we don't do that. Secondly, if you're looking, trying to determine whether to look at a pretax or after-tax basis, you would wonder -- one question -- one reason for doing that is because you think that Loews might just somehow divest themselves of those particular businesses. And if that's the reason that you're doing it, then you ought to think about some of the things that we've done in the past that have minimized the tax that we have to pay on a divestiture. For example, taking Lorillard public through Carolina Group, that dramatically reduced the taxes that we had to pay when we ultimately got out of the stock in its entirety and used, in fact, a tax-free split-off in order to repurchase close to 20% of our shares. So, the short answer to the long answer is that I'd suggest that people look at both the pretax number and the after-tax number, and make whatever adjustments you want to make to take into account not only the tax bases that we have in our subsidiaries, but also what we might do in order to exit a business in a manner that is tax efficient. I certainly hope not. What you see, if you look at the maps, is that there is not significant overlap at all. Rather, there are primarily interconnections. So, where the Texas Gas pipeline ends -- actually, where it begins is where the Gulf South pipeline ends. So we are hopeful that there will not be any FTC issues with this purchase. I can't give you any specific industries, per se. What I can do is tell you what I think that we bring to the party when we acquire a company. When we acquire a business, we look at the business from a very neutral perspective. We look at it from the perspective of the only thing we're looking to do is to maximize the value of that business over the intermediate to long term. We think carefully about strategy and the strategy that the management of the acquired company sets out for their business. We challenge them on that strategy, and then we are closely involved in the allocation of capital and the capital spending and the investment within the business. And we like to think that that disciplined look at strategy and capital allocation yields results for all the shareholders that are beneficial over the long term. You know, I don't know. I-- never say never. And I don't like answering hypothetical questions. What I should say is that Diamond has already bought two rigs. With the current - - with the current dividend policy, Diamond will continue to accumulate significant amounts of cash. And, my thinking, and I think the Board of Diamond, their thinking, is that Diamond will have the wherewithal to be able to make acquisitions on the road without any outside help. Good morning, David. The rationale for each of those transactions was different for each individual transaction, based on the time that the transaction was done. When we first went public, for example, the reason for the transaction was to highlight for all Loews shareholders just what the value of our Lorillard investment was and I remember when we took Carolina Group public, actually when we filed the papers to take it public, there was a very significant increase in the price of Loews stock as investors started to understand what the value was of Carolina Group, and then over the past close to four and a half years that CG has been public, you're right. There has been a number of sales that have taken place. Sometimes they were to increase carbon the Loews balance sheet but all-times, I would say they were done with the idea in mind of creating value for all of our Loews shareholders. In terms of our target ownership, all I can tell you is that we have no plans now to any shares of CG. We're very comfortable with where our holdings are. I don't know, because it was a blind bidding process, so we don't even know against whom we were bidding. But my guess is that it was very, very competitive and that we won by a hair, but I don't know for sure. Guilty as accused. Good morning, David. Yeah, I have been asked that before. Yes and no. We have no thoughts at all right now of setting up an MLP. The numbers for Texas Gas show that if we had decided to set up an MLP, we could be left with an equity sub that would be worth twice what we paid for the acquisition. But we just decided that it wasn't worth it. We have not considered that with respect to Gulf South, and we're happy to be like other major corporate owners in this field, and to own Gulf South and Texas Gas through a C corporation, as opposed to an MLP. But the lawyers will want me to quickly add, though, that having said that doesn't mean that in the future we won't consider it as a possibility. And that net worth covenant is to maintain net worth of at least $921 million. Yes, Boardwalk is going to save hundreds of millions of dollars that otherwise would have been paid as our dividends, but now can be used to finance these capital projects. And as you have heard me say before, and I will say it again, I think there will be lots of opportunities for Boardwalk to invest at attractive rates. Yes, there is no doubt that the Company is suffering from the effects of the Marcellus -- the increased Marcellus and Utica shale production. But the other thing that is going on is that the amount of natural gas that's going to be produced in the United States is increasing and will increase dramatically. Natural gas produced in the United States now is about 66 billion cubic feet per day. In the next 10 years that could increase by one-third with the effects of increased gas consumption in the United States, as well as the exports of natural gas. All that gas is going to have to move on pipelines from one place to another, and that is going to mean that there will have to continue to be a very significant buildup of our natural gas pipeline system. And Boardwalk is now very well positioned to be able to participate in that and to benefit from it. Getting close to what? Was there any preclusion? I am staying with my forecast. And when you said growth has been a bit below it, below my 2% mark, I am reminded of what [Larry Lindsey] said to me. And he may have been quoting some other economist, but he said that economists use decimal points to show the world that they have a sense of humor. My forecast takes all of that and more into account. Maybe yes, maybe no. Investment bankers would love for us to do it because it generates lots of fees. We look at it from time to time but the only way we would do it is if, number one, it creates value for Loews' shareholders. And number two, if it's a transaction that is also of value to whoever will be buying this paper. And right now, we have not convinced ourselves of either one of those two facts. So, we've done nothing. Pete, do you have that? Right. David, as I said in my remarks, we don't comment about our share repurchases, so I'm just going to let that data point stand as it is. From Diamond to Loews? We are not going to give a range. But let me just say Miami is a significant contributor to Loews Hotels' income. And it is earnings during this capital improvement time will be dramatically affected by the work that is being done. But we strongly believe that the hotel that will be seen by the public when the work is completed will be a dramatic improvement over an already very profitable hotel. Depreciation and amortization. Like I said, I think the industry is still declining. I think day rates can continue to go down for a while. Certainly oil companies are not anxious about drilling now, combined with the fact that there continue to be new rigs that are entering the fleet, rigs that had been ordered 2, 2.5 and 3 years ago. So there is more supply coming onto the market in an environment where oil companies are stepping back. That says to me that day rates can continue to move down. But oil at $40-$50, or in my opinion $60 a barrel is not what I would call a steady-state price for oil. I think it has to be -- my guess is it has to be somewhere between $70 and $90 per barrel and my guess is that, as they say, in the fullness of time, once we get to -- when and if we get to those prices and some stability returns to the oil market, I think that utilization will start to increase. Like I said, I don't know the timing, but I certainly believe that it will happen. The other thing that the oil industry overall has going for it is depletion. The world today produces about 95 million barrels a day of oil and the estimates are that growth in demand is about 1 million barrels per day every year. So that means that next year, instead of demand being 95 million barrels, demand will be 96 million barrels a day. But that doesn't mean that the industry has to find an additional 1 million barrels a day. What it means in fact is the industry probably has to find 6 million barrels a day because, in the course of a year if no exploration is done, productive capacity worldwide will drop from 95 million to 90 million. So the industry needs to find the 5 million just to make up for what was depleted and then find an additional 1 million barrels of capacity. My sense is that at the price that we have for oil today we are not replacing all the oil that is depleting. And so, my guess is over the next few years, if prices stay down here, we will start to see declines in productive capability. Hold on, we are just looking it up. We can give to you year-to-date. And then we could also give you -- we can give you year-to-date and also the second quarter. Production was, for the second quarter was 28.4 billion cubic feet equivalent and year to date was 44.9 billion cubic feet equivalent. Sorry -- year-to-date was 56.5 billion cubic feet equivalent. Well, first of all, Diamond has returned an awful lot of cash. It's returned, as I said, $38 a share and counting since '06. So, Diamond, for Loews, has been a great source of cash flow. And, again, from the Loews perspective, Diamond is managed to deal with the cyclicality, to take advantage of the cyclicality, so that, in fact, in my opinion, the cyclicality is really a benefit to us, because in discussions with management, we plan for the cyclicality, and we view a decline in the market not just as a hit to earnings, but also as an opportunity to make significant investments to grow the business over the intermediate to long term. I can't tell you what the Board of Directors of these companies are going to do from quarter-to-quarter, but you do have a sense of what the quarterly numbers are, and you can make your own assumptions as to whether or not those are going to continue for the next four quarters. No, the one thing that you may not be able to glean from all the numbers is the difference between actual tax payments and GAAP taxes. You get accelerated tax depreciation. So there are a few things. Number one, we like to buy the stock at prices that appear low to us on an absolute and relative basis. Number two, we have other calls on our cash beyond simply an acquisition or share repurchases or dividends. So, for example, if the Bluegrass project moves forward chances are that will require significant financing coming from Loews. So that is something that we always keep our eyes attuned to. And finally, if the Company is in possession of material nonpublic information, then our legal beagles here do not allow us to repurchase shares. So all those factors go into the mix and make it therefore difficult for investors to discern from our share repurchase in a particular quarter -- our share repurchases or lack of share repurchases whether we're bullish or bearish on the stock. All the more reason for you to come to our investor conference. I like it a lot. I think -- as I said in my remarks, I think oil companies and the world in general are dramatically under investing in oil production capacity. I think that -- I think, I believe, I know that depletion is real, that oil wells do not continue producing forever. Some of them decline at 70% a year, some of them decline at 5% a year, but all of them decline. And to the extent that the world is not reinvesting in new productive capacity, those declines in production will be felt in the coming years. Combined with that, even though some say that oil demand growth is sluggish, oil demand is still continuing to increase every year, generally on the order by about 1 million barrels a day or about 1%. So, as you add a few years together of under investment combined with continued demand growth, I think you can see that in a few years time prices will have to go up in order to provide the investment returns needed by oil companies in order to make the investment in more productive capacity. And I think that in two years time that will certainly happen. In prior calls I've said that $65 was my fearless forecast for year end 2018 oil. I think there is a good chance that oil will be significantly higher than that -- on the order of say $10 a barrel. Okay. So the, the weighted average price of our hedge for the third and fourth quarter of 2009 is $7.79. And for 2010, it's $6.99. In terms of Loews putting in more cash into HighMount, we have no expectation of having to do that at all. That's not in our game plan. No. Don't do that. Too many people will be disappointed. My pleasure. Yes, so one other thing I should add. The share price declines of both Diamond as well as Boardwalk were nothing short of spectacular. So two out of three of our subsidiaries had very bad share price performance during the third quarter and as I said at the outset, that was the elephant in the room and I wanted to address it. No, not at all. The Loews portfolio, which is now about $3.5 billion, has been invested primarily in treasuries, and some equities, but the earnings of that portfolio are reported every month -- every quarter on a mark-to-market basis on our -- in our income statement. And I'm being corrected here. It's $3.2 billion, not $3.5 billion. I round up. Thank you, Mary, and good morning. We are going to change the format of this call slightly today just to mix things up a bit. Our CFO, David Edelson, will start by walking you through Loews' second-quarter results and then I will talk about our view of the medium- to long-term prospects for each of our businesses. Okay, David, over to you. I have no idea what Loews is going to look like in 10 years. As I said, every day I come into the office, I think about how do we create value. I don't know what Loews is going to look like in the next 10 years because I don't know what opportunities we are going to have. If I were the CEO of Procter & Gamble, it would be pretty easy to say what the company is going to look like. We will be a food and consumer products business and we're going to try to grow X% each year. That's not the way Lowes operates. We're constantly thinking about what's the best way to create value. Is it investing in our subsidiaries, is it buying a new business. My guess though is that Loews will look substantially different 10 years from now than it does today. I just don't know how that will be. To go back to your first question, no, we didn't make a concerted effort to be in the energy business. And in fact, each one of our energy businesses is actually slightly different. The offshore drilling business is what you would call a high-volatility business where it can go from boom to bust. More recently it has been in boom and that boom looks like it's continuing. But we do recognize that day rates can go down as well as up and that things can get tough in that business. And so when we bought Diamond Offshore, Diamond M and then the Odeco rigs, we weren't earning any money but we created for ourselves what I call a credible scenario which actually came to pass that these assets, which were a plague on the market when we bought them, would actually be worth something. That's different than our investment, for example, in Boardwalk Pipelines. There it was in fact the exact opposite. There, we saw that we were able to obtain double-digit cash on cash returns on our equity investment in an environment where interest rates were very low. So those investments actually represent real ends of the spectrum. On the one hand, a business that was a boom and bust business and on the other hand, a business that was generally a much more consistent earner. And I think that's really indicative of how we invest. That we're not looking for any one thing. We are not looking for necessarily a consistent payout. We are willing to go into something that's highly cyclical. The thing that unifies the investments is that they are all made with the aim of creating value for our shareholders. I don't fully understand what you mean. Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions I wanted to summarize the highlights at Lowes. For CNA it's slow and steady wins the race. CNA has posted consistent underwriting improvement and maintained a very strong capital position. At Boardwalk we are seeing growth prospects because of the increased demand for natural gas transportation as natural gas production looks to grow almost 20% by the end of the decade. And finally at Diamond, trouble is opportunity. With day rates declining in the Offshore Drilling market, hopefully Diamond will have occasion to grow its fleet by purchasing rigs at a discount to newbuild prices. Overall there is tremendous change happening in the industries in which our businesses are operating. We are focused on turning that change into growth opportunity that will benefit our shareholders well into the future. Now I would like to turn the call back to Mary. We wouldn't rule out anything, but right now we're focused just on closing this transaction and getting to know the management better. We know them well now, but we want to know them -- get to know them better and get to understand what the real opportunities are with the business. At some later point in time, we will consider if we want to take this public and under what circumstances. Well Boardwalk has about $3.5 billion of expansion projects that it's done and that it's committed to. It has only done a fraction of those projects, so chances are they will have to do both, more equity and equity type offerings, as well as debt type offerings. But my strong sense is that the market fully anticipates that that is going to be coming. Yes? To buy another business? So, first of all, my guess is that in terms of net income return, it will never look to shareholders like these are good investments, or in the aggregate. Some -- individual hotels will, but in the aggregate, they won't because the depreciation charge is so high. And that's why for the most part, hotel companies have gone to a REIT model, or a franchise model. But we think that the cash flow coming out of these hotels even with proper allocation for what we call FF&E, Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment, is a good return. We're trying to do this in what we call an asset-light manner, so generally you can get about 50% leverage. And then we'd like to get a partner in with us to buy the hotel, who will own 50% or 75% of the equity, but we will permanently have what we call the flag in place. And we think that by building out our network that we can get the mass that we need to make this really a very attractive hotel company. My pleasure. Look, I guess we could do that but that is not the way we choose to structure our investment. Loews does not want to be a creditor of CNA and earn on its cash 350 basis points, that is not what we are looking to do with our almost $5 billion of liquidity. We are looking to earn much higher rates of return than that. From my perspective, it's really frustrating. The stock, as you said, the stock trades recently as much as $1 below the value of the public pieces. That doesn't take into account the nonpublic pieces. And the nonpublic pieces include our cash net of debt, so $2.4 billion less the $867 million of long-term debt. It includes our GP interest in the Boardwalk pipeline. It includes Loews' hotels. It includes our investment in HighMount Exploration. It includes $200 million that we have in debt of Boardwalk Pipeline. And it includes $1.25 billion of CNA preferred stock. So sometimes I feel when I think about Loews like the guy who is hawking something on TV, saying but there's more, and there's more, and there's more! And, listen, the market is well aware of that, but it selects not to pay attention to it. The market is also well aware, I'm sure, of -- but I'll reiterate it now just to make sure. The market is well aware of, number one, our quest to build long-term value, our track record in doing that. Last number I saw was 16% compound annual rate of return over the past 49 or 50 years. And if you go back more recently, I saw a figure from 1981 of 19% compound annual rate of return. So I'm not complaining, because rather than complain, what we have done from time to time when the market doesn't recognize the value is repurchase shares. And just to repeat one more time, we have a history of repurchasing shares going back to the 1970s and every decade. We have purchased at least 25% of our outstanding shares in that decade so that in 1970, we started off with the equivalent today of 1.3 billion shares and at last count, that's down to 433 million. So thank you for that question, allowing me to stand up on my soap box and give a little rant. So, for many investors, they're immediately turned away from Loews because we span so many industries. And I get that. But I also think that if they can overcome that, what they can see is that Loews is a value creation machine. What I spend my whole time doing every day is thinking, how do we create value for shareholders? I would suggest to you, that that is dramatically different than most corporate CEOs. Most corporate CEOs are thinking, how do I increase net income? We have four CEOs, each operating one of our businesses, who are intensely focused on increasing net income. And so, I am -- I do my job as a capital allocator, whose job is to use the hand that we have, the hand that we've been dealt, and figure out how do we create value from that? And I think that the record over the years has shown that we've done a reasonably good job at that. As you may or may not know, we tend not to give forecasts on our calls. I think Marty Orlowsky should answer that. So, yes, HighMount has been kicking a bunch of tires. Nothing has come to fruition yet. But there -- in fact there is a lot to look at. And the things that we're looking at primarily are buying rights to leases on land for both -- we're both looking at gas, gas liquids and oil. And there are in fact lots of transactions that take place in the oil patch in these types of acquisitions and there are plenty of them around. We are looking for transactions that will return for us what I would call significant double-digit after-tax returns. And I would say that we have come close on a few times but still haven't finalized anything. But I think we do have the opportunity to do so. That was about 7.5 times. Yes. Go for it. The answer is only about 10%. My guess is it would probably be about 80%. I assume you are in talking about investments for Loews Corp.? I really can't comment because I don't know specifically the nature of the assets that XTL is acquiring. No, to my knowledge we've seen nothing like that at all. My understanding is that with respect to the commodities that were written about in the New York Times, it was bulk commodities, typically metals, being delivered back and forth from one warehouse to another for Lord knows what reason. We haul natural gas under contract from one location to another usually distant location based on the orders from our customers. So my strong supposition is that that is dramatically different than what you are seeing in the metals markets. So as you know Boardwalk right now has about $1.6 billion of investments that it's funding. Hopefully this year it will find more attractive projects to do. It is also working to bring down the ratio of debt to EBITDA and it's been very successful with that this past year in 2015. It would be very nice for Boardwalk to be able to increase its distribution and by the way Loews would be the biggest beneficiary of such an increase. But Boardwalk will not do that until such time as it has the distributable cash flow available to it and total access to markets in order that the dividend could be increased responsibly. I cannot give you a date for when that's going to happen. But even without the dividend, we believe that the management of Boardwalk is building tremendous value with these new projects that it's embarked upon. There is a used market but there haven't been many transactions recently so what you have to do is base it off of what they're earning and then figure out how to compute a price based on that. My understanding is that CNA Surety is primarily a domestic surety company. So I don't know of any risks, any projects that CNA Surety is insuring over in Spain. And the other thing we try to do is to be very diligent in our underwriting and limit our exposure to any one particular developer or contractor. Yes, as you know, I am not going to comment on that. What you'd really have to do is look at it on a per-basin basis. Yes, there will be standard cross indemnities. Loews indemnifying Lorillard for liabilities that result from Loews and likewise Lorillard indemnifying Loews for tobacco liabilities that may result from Lorillard. Okay. Well, first of all, the view of cash versus stock was simply that Loews owns 100% of Lorillard and it will be up to the Lorillard Board, we believe when Lorillard is public, in order to give out cash or equity awards. That's number one. Number two, with respect to the ownership, the Lorillard management team does have a significant number of options and SAR's in Carolina Group that will convert over to Lorillard shares. So the Lorillard management team has performed phenomenally under Loews leadership with their ownership. And I have no doubt that the incentives that they have when they are a part of a public Company will be similar. We manage -- we manage -- when I'm speaking here, I'm talking about primarily the CNA portfolio. That portfolio is about 35 to $40 million. And 35 to $40 billion. And it's not -- it's not helpful to say how much of that portfolio is kept in short-term investments. Thank you, Darren. Good morning. Thanks for joining us on our call today. In the second quarter, Loews net income decreased to $252 million from $366 million in 2010. The decline is mainly attributable to two factors at CNA. First, there was lower level of favorable net prior-year reserve development than in 2010. And second, CNA posted higher catastrophe losses during the quarter than during the second quarter of 2010. No, sorry. So, for some hotels where there is maintenance CapEx you have to do that just to keep the property up to snuff. For other hotels -- and there isn't a significant additional ROI from that. On the other hand, for a hotel like the Regency, we are expecting a very significant return on our investment as this is really the first major, major upgrade that we have had in the hotel in 50 years and we expect a significant increase in the hotel's EBITDA. So, we believe that the investment will have a significant double-digit rate of return. The other place where we invest for the hotel company, other than maintenance CapEx and rehabilitation CapEx, is in new hotels. And there we are doing that in the form of hotels that we are developing either in Orlando or Chicago, or hotels that we are purchasing. And there, again, we don't put a number on the ROI that we expect out of the investment, but we think those ROIs will be very attractive for us. My guess is that our global drilling will hold up as long as oil prices are say $75 and above. My guess also is that we will see a decline in US domestic drilling starting at say $85. We will start to see rig counts either stabilize or come down. So I think that supply will be driven -- the marginal supply is on land, not offshore. So I am more comfortable with the level of offshore drilling than I am with onshore. With respect to Diamond's offshore drilling, we have got -- we have ordered four new drillships and we have got one major upgrade. Two of those drillships have already been chartered. We are starting to talk to others about both the two -- other two drillships that are unchartered, as well as the upgrade. So I feel reasonably comfortable that we are going to have work for those rigs. And as you know, there is a perception that there is a lot of oil out there in the water -- underneath the water, not in the water, and Brazil being one place and Africa being another place where those areas will be magnets for rigs to come in and drill up opportunities that are economic probably at prices $50 and possibly lower. So I still feel pretty good about the offshore business. Yes. No change. The for sale signs are not out. But, having said that, there are indicators that seem to be signaling that rig transactions will take place over the next six months to a year. First of all, day rates are down significantly from their peak. There have been -- there are a number of rigs, floaters, that are in the yards, scheduled to come out of the yards that don't have contracts. There are many rigs where the owners are highly levered. And, now, with this latest event, the blowout in the Gulf of Mexico, that I believe has sent fifth and sixth generation rig rates down yet even lower. And, so, all of those factors lead me to believe that, as I said, over the next six to 12 months there will be rigs that become available for sale. Thank you Josh. I'm pleased to be able to report to you a solid second quarter for Loews. Net income attributable to Loews is Common Stock improved more than 93% over the year earlier quarter at CNA continued to forge a path of steady performance. After the events of last year we welcome that things have become relatively boring at CNA. The combination of favorable market conditions and CNA's improved underwriting discipline and expense management lifted it's contribution to Loews's second quarter net income from red to black. Property casualty premium rate growth continues albeit it a more measured pace than 2003 and we're confident that CNA is now in position to generate considerable long term returns. Lorillard performed well registering increases in revenue and income against both the first quarter and last year's second quarter. Newport grew its share of the menthol market while the competitive pressures from deep discount brands remain more stable. We'll turn the call over to Martin Orlowsky to give us more color on all things that tobacco markets in a few moments. Diamond Offshore suffered from general weakness in the offshore drilling market, posting a loss in the second quarter. A meaningfully brighter spot, however, was the U.S. Gulf of Mexico jack-up market that displayed upward momentum in the last few months outside of the U.S. gulf region the Company has seen increasingly demand conditions. We continue to expect the current level of oil and natural gas prices will yield a full recovery and mid demand in the near future. Texas Gas continues to chug along producing the consistent double digit cash on cash returns that we had hoped and expected for when we acquired the Company last spring. During the quarter, Texas Gas signed agreements with customers and filed an application with the [ INDISCERNIBLE ] To expand the storage capacity and this project will cost a little more than $20 million and financed with funds generated from Texas Gas's operation. Loews Hotels experienced a fairly robust quarter and the majority of the properties registered revenue improvement action while Philadelphia, San Diego and New York hotels made the most significant gains. In aggregate the occupancy and average room rates rose materially against the previous year's quarter. As we mentioned during the call last quarter, Loews' shipping partner agreed to sell the four large super tankers it took delivery of two and three years ago. The transaction will close in the third quarter and we'll report it as part of the third quarter results. Shipping has been a very profitable enterprise for Loews over the last 22 years and prevailing market conditions signal to us it's time to cash in our chips. We are pleased to declare victory and retreat, even if it possibly is only a temporary retreat. Now I'd like to turn the call over to the CFO Peter Keegan to speak in greater detail about the financial performance of Loews this past quarter. Thank you. First of all, the EBITDA multiple -- I would say, without getting too specific, that EBITDA multiples have moved up by, say, 2 EBITDA multiple points since the acquisition of Texas Gas. So that should give you some sense of where this purchase was made relative to the Texas Gas purchase. But, as I said, the advantage that we have here is that we will have operational synergies that will, nonetheless, allow us to get to our hurdle rate, which is the double-digit after-tax cash-on-cash returns. In terms of the percent of cash that we are using, we anticipate, with a 50/50 equity-to-debt ratio here, that we will have to spend approximately $550 million to $600 million from Loews for the purchase. Loews, at the Loews level, has in excess of $2.6 billion of cash. And when you factor in Lorillard, as well, there is, I think, about $4.4 billion. So we are very comfortable making this equity investment, and we're confident that our cash will be replenished rather quickly. No, we are not seeing significant improvement in the business. It's still sluggish. The most sluggish part is the group business, especially at resort hotels. Because of what's happened in the past year with criticism coming from our elected officials, it is -- corporations now view it almost as taboo to have a meeting at a resort hotel. And there's not much that we can do about that, other than market as aggressively as possible. City hotels are doing marginally better, but overall the business is still, in no way robust nor is it seeming to be moving in that direction. Well, as you know, we're constantly trying to expand the brand in both cities and resorts. We've already got a number of resort properties, five of them in Florida, and then a few others scouted around the country, and Las Vegas is the latest resort property. For those that are going to head to the strip looking for the Loews Hotel you're not going to find it on the strip, you'll find it about 30 minutes away in a place called Lake Las Vegas that can give people that want to go to Las Vegas access to the city without actually being there. We see cap rates remaining about the same. We like all of the properties that we own, and we have no intention of selling any of them, but this is also a good opportunity for me to put it in an advertisement for something that we are aggressively pursuing in Washington, which is that even if we wanted to sell some hotels, chances are, it would not be economic to do so, and the reason for that is that corporations unlike individuals have to pay long term capital gains tax rates of 35%, so that if we wanted to sell our hotel, the wedge between the pre-tax and after-tax proceeds would be so great so that it would make the pre-tax, it would make the after-tax deal uneconomic. So we have started a coalition of like minded companies and we're hopeful to be able to get this heard before Congress and actually enacted into law. I think if it is enacted into law, what they will see is that in fact long term corporate tax gains collections by the Treasury will increase over where they are today. So we're hopeful that we may be able to get some traction in getting this approved. I think it was just generally [facts] that were -- had a -- equities that we held at the Loews portfolio were down for the quarter. Good morning, Bonnie. It's almost $180 million pretax. Judy, I would just say that if you take a long-term view of history, meaning over the past five or 10 years, I don't think that '07 was outside the norm at all. There are times when our volumes are up a bit. There are times when they're down a bit. For '07 our volumes were down less than 1%, so I don't know that that calls for a whole sale change in strategy. Thank you, David. Before we open the call up for questions, I want to stress that even in these times of dynamic change, Loews and its subsidiaries remain committed to creating value for shareholders over the long-term. It is a goal that has defined us for more than half a century and it continues to define us today. Importantly in each of our businesses, we have the leadership horsepower we need to fuel this value creation. All of our CEOs are long-term veterans of their industries with the vision, experience and expertise necessary to position each company for future growth and development. At CNA, Tom Motamed has overseen the Company's dramatic move toward achieving its goal of becoming a top quartile underwriter and the Company has since 2013, paid out to shareholders more than $2 billion in dividends. At Diamond Offshore, Marc Edwards is leading the charge with grace under extreme pressure. He is revolutionizing the offshore drilling industry with pressure control by the hour and other innovations which are differentiating Diamond from the competition and cementing close relationships with Diamond's customers along the way. Stan Horton as Boardwalk is one of the best strategic thinkers in the natural gas pipeline space. He has envisioned and developed a full slate of very attractive investment opportunities which will be coming online in the next few years and will form the foundation for growth. Finally, at Loews Hotels, Kirk Kinsell is continuing to build on the growth of our hotel business increasing EBITDA and profitability while creating long-term value. Kirk has been focused on expanding the Company's brand equity, attracting and retaining the best talent and most importantly, creating a wonderful experience for our guests. And while we certainly appreciate the exemplary CEOs at each of our subsidiaries, we know that their efforts are supported and strengthened by their leadership team's deep and talented bench. Now I would like to turn the call back over to Mary. We have very little exposure to subprime and CDO and the Loews' portfolio. I would advise you to look at our upcoming 10-K or prior 10-Qs that talk about certain risk factors. There is, I think, 30 pages of things that could go wrong. But just to mention a few, I would say oil prices could go down significantly, gas prices could go down, both of which would hurt Diamond Offshore and also HighMount. Generally that wouldn't hurt Boardwalk too much. And likewise Boardwalk has pretty much finished its major capital project, so it would be difficult to see what could hurt Boardwalk significantly other than a dramatic change in gas demand or some things going on intramarket, in the different markets that Boardwalk serves. And likewise I am assuming no gas leaks or explosions which are something that could happen to anybody in the pipeline business. When you talk about CNA, that's a work in progress. I think that, as I said before, the people at CNA are doing a great job. But anything can happen there. We could have more hurricanes, and even outside of hurricanes season, earthquakes have been known to strike from time to time. So catastrophes are a significant risk as well as investment portfolio. At the hotel business there is the overall economic environment. There is the risk, hopefully they have learned their lesson, but there is a risk that Washington can do yet more to try to kill the business. But notwithstanding all of these risks they are risks that we live with, they're risks that I am accustomed to. I feel generally comfortable taking those risks, and I feel especially comfortable that we at the Holding Company have the cash and financial resources in place such that if, heaven forbid, some of these risks actually do come to pass, that we have the ability to come through them in pretty good shape. We think CNA is very, very strong. Before we do anything we want to see the ratings of CNA increased. CNA currently has a claims paying rating from Moody's and Standard & Poor's of A-; we think it should be A. And we are hopeful that -- soon that the rating agencies will recognize everything that has been done at CNA and raise its ratings. In terms of capital planning, as you have seen, or as you saw a year and a half ago, CNA started paying dividends. And that is basically the extent of what we have been thinking about in terms of capital planning at CNA. That's right, yes. (LAUGHTER). I'm not going to answer that. To quote myself I think from some time before, the yield is too darn low. The yield on 10-year notes right now is about 2.5%. Inflation is about 2% based on the CPI. And in a normal world you would expect to see a 10-year note probably 150 to 250 basis points higher than the current yield. But CNA is in the business of managing a fixed income portfolio. We can't have all our assets in stocks. And so, we just have to grin and bear it at CNA with respect to the relatively low yields that we are able to obtain. For our non-matched portfolio, we are trying to keep that portfolio as short as we can and reap the benefits of the roll down the yield curves as the securities we own age. With respect to our matched portfolio, we were fortunate enough a year ago at this time to be buying a lot of municipal bonds, which have worked out to be very attractive investments for us. We were able to buy lots of securities with 4%, 5%, and some even 6% coupons, and those have gone up dramatically in pricing, have been used -- we pre-bought those securities because they were such a good bargain and have been using that to fund some of our matched liabilities. Good morning. Well, first of all, I would tell you that Congress has done a great job of killing the resort hotel business with the way they've criticized the number of financial firms from having conferences. In fact, I just heard this morning of another investor conference that was cancelled by another major investment firm because of the fear of being criticized by members of Congress. So, the current outlook for the business is certainly not good. As for Loews, we are -- we have, just as with our other businesses, we are hunkering down and cutting expenses where we can. And we feel confident that our business, which is not highly levered at all, will get through this economic crisis. We also expect that there would be a number of attractive hotel properties that are not able to make it through this economic storm that we're in and we will be looking to see what kind of attractive property acquisitions we can make in this environment. We believe that the world is cyclical and that when things go down, at some point, they hit bottom and they go back up again. And right now, we have the cash and the cash flow at the holding Company level in order to be able to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves. My pleasure. Don't confuse cash with net worth at Lorillard's. No. We will coordinate those two holdings from here at Loews, but no, there will be no one person, either at Texas Gas or at Gulf South, that will be responsible for our pipeline operations. It's $3.9 billion in cash and it was three and one hundred sixty five million in debt. I don't want to get into speculation about what we might do with any of our (inaudible) securities of those subsidiaries. We're primarily focused in the US for a number of reasons. Number one, they don't make airplanes fast enough. Number two, they haven't eliminated time zones. Number three, we have a tough enough time understanding how to do business in the culture here in the United States, and to think that we could, from a few thousand miles away, master it in a foreign country just doesn't really make sense to me. Additionally, the question always has to arise if the opportunity is so good, why aren't the locals in that foreign country taking advantage of it? So for all of those reasons we tend to maintain our focus here in the United States. We're not afraid to have businesses that deal internationally. For example, Diamond Offshore has very substantial operations that occur outside the United States, but we are in general looking for businesses that are located here in the States. Our intention is to always maintain our conservative investment strategy. That's just the way we invest, and we're always looking for something to acquire, but if the right thing doesn't turn up, then we'll just continue, we're happy to continue holding our cash and doing what we've been doing. Boardwalk is an MLP that's in the natural gas transmission business and we view that as distinctly separate and apart from the gas exploration and production business. You know, I don't know. All I know is that the business has been growing very rapidly recently. We've added hotels -- we've added hotel -- we've added two hotels in Chicago, Minneapolis, Washington, DC, Boston, Orlando, Hollywood, San Francisco and there's one more on the boards for Orlando. We've seen a significant increase in EBITDA and hopefully earnings will soon follow. So I think you're seeing a rejuvenation of the Loews Hotels brand name and we'll just see how we're able to do going forward. We have no plans to modify Diamond. That business is doing very well. All we have to do is look at the analysts' reports to see what their expectations are with respect to earnings and that looks to be very, very strong. Additionally, Diamond has announced that its board will consider paying a special dividend in January, and possibly in future years, reflective of the earnings and financial position of Diamond for the prior year. So our anticipation is that we'll be able to -- as well as all shareholders, we'll be able to achieve significant cash flow from Diamond. Additionally, Diamond is in the process of trying to lengthen the term of its charter contract and has been doing that pretty well. So we are very happy with the performance of Diamond and our ownership of it. There was a culture, for example, in the field offices where people would sit there and wait for the order to come in. And instead, he's -- and you only have to go to one of the 30 field offices to do this. He told everybody to get out, to see the customers and to be talking to them. And low and behold, the other 29 followed suit pretty quickly. So he's making significant changes by example, and we think it's really having an impact. Listen, I don't know what the value of the business is. I do know we bought HighMount for about $1.65 per Mcfe which was at the time an attractive valuation and I still consider it an attractive valuation. The writedowns that took place last year occurred because of the spot price of natural gas on one particular day. And last year the price of natural gas got down to, Henry Hub's gas got down to a price with a handle of one on it, so it was like $1.80 or $1.90. But at the end of the quarter when we had to actually determine whether there would be a writedown, the price got down to, I think, $3 and change, some very low price. In the meantime, the SEC has changed the rules for the SEC 10 ceiling test impairment charges. And so I think if these new rules had been used in the prior quarters, the writedowns would not have been as significant. Thanks very much [Josh], and I'm glad that you let everybody know that this is not a meeting for Loews Theatres, or likewise Lowe's, the home supply company. So welcome, good morning, and thanks for being here to hear the Loews Corporation story. My plan is to give you a brief overview of Loews, and then to answer some of your questions. Let me start off, if I can, by defining Loews and what we're trying to accomplish day in and day out. Loews is unabashedly a holding company whose primary focus is to create value for all of our shareholders in the medium to long term. Over the last 50 years, we've been guided by three primary value creation principles that continue to guide us today, although we certainly adapt them to fit the times. They are Repeat that again. That is correct. Well, there are a number of things we can do with our cash. We can use it to repurchase shares. We can use it to pay dividends. We can use the cash for acquisitions. Or we can just let it set on our balance sheet. As you know, Bob, we have a history of operating with a lot of cash on our balance sheet because we feel that gives us an opportunity to buy assets at very attractive prices if we have enough patience. So, the idea of a special dividend I think would really be the idea of paying a special dividend would be made at some point when we felt that we didn't see any significant opportunities and that we didn't think there would be any in the future. My pleasure. Michael, today doesn't matter. We have to wait until May or so, and then we will make a determination. I think somewhat so. I think that by having the MLP it gives Boardwalk a cheaper source of capital than it might otherwise have if it were held by us simply as a C Corporation. We have shareholders that are interested in the dividend that they receive; right now the yield on the stock is I think about 7.5%. And we want -- we very much want to increase the dividend beyond that but remember that dividend is a pretax 7.5%. And when we bought both Texas Gas and Gulf South we were talking about double-digit after-tax cash on cash returns. So we have a somewhat lower bogey and as a result of that we have we think the ability to do transactions that we otherwise might not do if we were doing as a loan. As you mentioned we do as a general partner get higher, what they call in the business splits, as the dividend is increased and that will go to benefit the Loews shareholders. No, we don't have those numbers. We are buying specifically the producing assets and not the corporation, so you'd have to get that from Dominion. No, but I will know it when I see it. So I sit on the Board of General Electric and it's really interesting because it's maybe you think about conglomerates because General Electric is a conglomerate as well as well Loews is a conglomerate. And I think about the spectrum of conglomerates. And over here is Berkshire with Buffett as the impresario where when you think about span of control, there is basically none. One tends to buy businesses and if you believe them a 100% you let them run themselves and do their own things. Over here is General Electric, which has an extraordinary amount of control from the center, which believes in moving people from one business to the other and both models have worked actually very well for their shareholders. As I think about Loews, we're right here, we're inside of Berkshire but we're far away from General Electric. We don't do as many deals as Berkshire does and I would say that we have more input into our subsidiaries. The place where we have input into our subsidiaries are on financing issues, on major strategic decisions and on capital investments. And I find that by us having that conversation and participation with our subsidiaries, we're actually able to create value. The thing that comes first to mind is how Diamond Offshore tracked dramatically away from the offshore industry about seven or eight years ago when we decided to return -- Diamond Offshore decided to return cash to its investors. And so while others were building rigs, Diamond Offshore has returned based on a $70 stock. We have returned close to $35 a share in regular and special dividends while still being able to grow our fleet. So it's got strategic thinking. It's that knowledge of Wall Street and the thinking about creating -- trying to create value for all of our shareholders that I think is what differentiates us somewhat from what Berkshire does. No. No. The first answer is yes. That CNA, Loews' book value will move inversely with the price of bonds. It will also be affected, though, by our earnings that we have throughout the course of the year, obviously. And no, CNA is not solely reliant - Loews' decision to repurchase it's shares is not relying solely on the rating agencies but it is a factor in it. And the debt load is about $700 million. We are always looking. The issue right now though, I believe, is exactly what's going to happen in the economy. My guess is that the economy is going to be very sluggish for a long time. Maybe on the order of, if we're lucky, 1% to 2% growth. And I don't see this as a typical recession. And I don't see this as a period where we're going to have 4% to 6% growth for the next year or so. I think it will be very sluggish. And I think that additional taxes and mandates will just be additional headwinds for the economy. We take all the sources of capital that we anticipate coming into Loews into account. The thing that Loews doesn't do, nor do our subsidiaries do, is make forward-looking statements as to what specifically those amounts are. Loews has what I would call a long and very glorious history of share repurchases. That's been a way that we have created a lot of value for our shareholders. We recently did a study and found that in current share equivalents, there were 1.3 billion shares outstanding in Loews in 1970. Today, that share count is down to 544 million, and we also saw that in every decade, we repurchased between 25 and 35% of our outstanding shares at the beginning of the decade. The reason I mention this is because share repurchases is from a corporation perspective, almost the equivalent of a dividend, and what we have found out over time is that maintaining share balances allows us, number one, to take advantage of corporate opportunities as they present them and number two, allows us to repurchase our shares at a opportune time. And so the Board has taken -- subscribes the review that it's good for the Company to hold these large cash balances to create value for shareholders and if a shareholder is looking to Loews as a dividend vehicle, then chances are that that shareholder has selected the wrong stock. Thank you, Pete. And before we get to questions and answers, I'd like to turn the call over to Larry Dickerson, the CEO of Diamond Offshore, to give a brief update on the offshore drilling industry and Diamond Offshore. Larry? Yes, that is right. That is exactly right. If you had the same shale prospects in a foreign country, instead of the breakeven price being $75 a barrel it could easily be $150 a barrel. And those countries would have the chicken and egg problem of being able to get to the scale so that the cost of producing shale oil in those countries could come down to attractive prices. My guess is that it is going to be very hard though for them even with scale to get down to where we are here in the United States. That's right. We've had lots and lots of different reasons for doing these transactions. I am going to propose you for the FASB board. So we have the Loews Regency in New York which is a hotel that is of a higher quality than the other Loews Hotel brands. And when we had the opportunity to acquire the former Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco we decided that that would be a good place to extend the Loews Regency brand. So voila you see that we now have two Loews Regency hotels. If we have the opportunity going forward to create more Loews Regency hotels we'd certainly like to do that. No, nothing -- nothing of any great significance. I think so. On some of the properties, yes. Obviously on some of the properties, for example, the Regency Hotel, the answer is no. But yes there are some properties where we can increase the size of our hotel. So as you know Boardwalk right now has about $1.6 billion of investments that it's funding. Hopefully this year it will find more attractive projects to do. It is also working to bring down the ratio of debt to EBITDA and it's been very successful with that this past year in 2015. It would be very nice for Boardwalk to be able to increase its distribution and by the way Loews would be the biggest beneficiary of such an increase. But Boardwalk will not do that until such time as it has the distributable cash flow available to it and total access to markets in order that the dividend could be increased responsibly. I cannot give you a date for when that's going to happen. But even without the dividend, we believe that the management of Boardwalk is building tremendous value with these new projects that it's embarked upon. The CapEx was -- we have Dennis Millet and Tim Parker on from HighMount. I think it was about 100%. There's a lot going on in it. Thank you, good to be here. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. First of all, with respect to the hotel in Miami, I think we closed for about a day or two. No, there's really the one-time only taxes obviously adjusted somewhat, Bob, but there's no other big story other than that. It's just some other spending but nothing material. So I don't recall the comment that I made, I'm sure that I made it. Let me just talk about where I think the market is right now. Thank you, Josh, and good morning and welcome. Since the 1980s, Loews has had an ongoing interest in investments in the energy area -- first with tankers, then offshore drilling, and since last year, gas distribution. In that regard, I am pleased to announce that this past weekend, we signed an agreement to purchase Gulf South Pipeline from Entergy-Koch LP, for $1.136 billion, making this our second significant acquisition in the pipeline business in the past two years. Gulf South Pipeline owns and operates an 8,000-mile interstate pipeline and storage system that stretches from the production areas near Carthage, Texas and the South Texas Gulf Coast on the west side of the system to Jackson, Mississippi and Pensacola, Florida on its east side. This extensive, weblike system is comprised of approximately 6,800 miles of interstate transmission pipeline, 1,200 miles of gathering pipeline and 68.5 billion cubic feet of working gas storage capacity. Strategically, we believe Gulf South fits together very well with the Texas Gas Transmission Pipeline system that we purchased in May of '03. The two systems are geographically complementary. Gulf South receives gas throughout the Gulf Coast supply basin, including its own gathering systems, major supply hubs such as Carthage hub in East Texas and the Agua Dulce hub in South Texas and the Henry hub in Louisiana. And it has good access to existing and proposed LNG terminals in the Gulf Coast. Gulf South serves local markets in its five-state Gulf Coast region, and delivers to long-haul interstate pipelines, including to Texas Gas. Texas Gas serves major Midwest markets such as Memphis, Louisville, Cincinnati and Indianapolis, as well as northeast markets through interconnects with other pipelines. The closing of the Gulf South acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. After the closing, which we anticipate will happen by year end, we expect to pursue opportunities for operational enhancement of the two systems. Texas Gas and Gulf South in aggregate operate approximately 14,000 miles of transmission and gathering pipeline, and have 124 billion cubic feet of working gas storage capacity and 4 billion cubic feet per day of throughput. Although pipeline valuations have increased from the time we purchased Texas Gas a year and a half ago, we expect that the acquisition of Gulf South will deliver low double-digit cash-on-cash annual after-tax returns, and will provide a modest increase to our earnings per share. This is the same level of performance we set for Texas Gas at the time we made our purchase decision, and I am happy to say that Texas Gas has consistently exceeded these expectations. Gulf South will be acquired through Loews' TGT pipeline subsidiary, the holding company for Texas Gas. We anticipate that the acquisition will be financed with roughly 50 percent debt and 50 percent equity. We intend to issue debt at the pipeline subsidiary level, and expect our pipeline business to retain investment-grade credit ratings. At the completion of this transaction, Loews will have invested a total of roughly $2.2 billion in pipeline assets over the last two years. Approximately $1.1 billion of that amount will be equity. We believe this to be a productive area in which to deploy our financial resources, and expect that these acquisitions will contribute meaningfully to Loews' cash flow. We have been more than pleased with the high caliber of management and employees at our Texas Gas subsidiary. We have a similar high regard for the management and employees of Gulf South, and look forward to working together with them and benefiting from their insights and experience. We are very excited to welcome Gulf South to the Loews family. And with that, I would be happy to answer any questions you may have. We have drilled 30 wells there and we've had -- when you average out all the wells that we have drilled, our performance is similar to the performance of wells drilled by people in our area. What we are doing is we want to drill another set of wells so that we can begin to really delineate the area and understand what we have. Right now our belief is that this area is commercial and we just have to wait and see how the other wells come out to prove up whether that thought is accurate. We own about 53% of Diamond. So actually my comment was pretty consistent with that. I was talking about attractive investments that we're seeing in the bank loan and fixed income markets. And listen, from my own personal point of view, the more equities go down the more attractive they get. So at Loews as the stock market has been going down we've been modestly increasing our exposure to equities. Thank you, Josh. The fourth quarter was generally a good one for Loews, or as one analyst recently said on the CNA call, it was a boring quarter. In any event, the fourth quarter was a nice way to end a year that I might otherwise like to forget. Although 2003 was challenging for Loews, it was also a year of considerable and important progress. The most noteworthy developments of the year, as you are probably aware, took place at CNA. Last year, CNA made great efforts to restore and realign its balance sheet to accurately reflect the development of claims on policies written before 2001. As you know, it began a thorough review of its entire reserve base in the early summer of '03, the results of which were assessed by a leading international actuarial firm. While the outcome of the review was an unwelcome large charge in the third quarter, it represented a committed genuine effort to create a focused, consistently profitable commercial property and casualty insurance company. In order to support the statutory capital adversely impacted by these charges, CNA developed a capital plan comprised of a number of components, including substantial financial support from Loews. In the fourth quarter, Loews purchased $750 million of a new series of CNA non-voting convertible stock, that will subsequently convert to slightly more than 32 million common shares of CNA, and will bring Loews' stake in CNA to just over 91 percent. As part of CNA's capital plan, Loews also agreed to commit as much as $500 million more of capital in the event that the sale of certain business units did not yet requisite amounts by February 26 of this year. I'm happy to report that CNA was able to find buyers for all of the major units that it had planned to divest, including the reinsurance, group, and life units. As you may have already seen, last week CNA reached an agreement to sell its life business to Swiss Re. When this sale closes, which we anticipate to happen by the end of the first quarter, CNA will have fully completed its capital plan and will be well on the way to full implementation of its recovery plan. In the midst of CNA's reconfiguration, its property casualty group, the Company's primary business, continued to display the operating strength it has exhibited over the past few years. In 2003 it reported a gross accident year loss ratio of 65 percent, down from 72 percent in '02 and 83 percent in '01. It also saw premium rates increase by 19 percent over the previous year, while still retaining 75 percent of its business. Overall, the commercial property casualty group continues to shift from a higher volatility book of business to a more moderate one, and to focus on optimizing its portfolio rather than just growing it. While the contributed net operating losses for the year 2003 of $1.5 billion reflect the previously mentioned charges, CNA's fourth quarter contributed net operating income of $184 million, and it should hopefully be a measure of the business in years to come. Loews' ability to assist CNA's restructuring is in large part the product of its conservative capital structure. At year end '03, Loews had $2.1 billion in cash after its $750 million investment in CNA, and just about $2.3 billion of debt at the holding company level. In late November of last year, Loews executed the sale of slightly more than 18 million shares of the 133.5 million share equivalents of Carolina Group that it had owned. This transaction, which was meant to shore up Loews' liquidity position, yielded about $400 million for Loews. And while we're on the subject of Carolina Group, 2003 was a relatively difficult year in terms of earnings for the tobacco industry. A number of factors combined to make this the case, including the weak U.S. economy, higher excise tax rates, the competitive threat of deep discount cigarette brands, the proliferation of counterfeit cigarettes, and competitive price discounting. Because of these factors, Lorillard significantly increased its promotional spending on Newport this past year. The result was an increase in the brand's market share but also a decrease in Lorillard's net income in the fourth quarter and for the full year. But even in spite of its lower profit performance, Lorillard still earned over $580 million in 2003. As we say, that's better than a sharp stick in the eye. I'll leave it to Martin Orlowsky to tell you more in just a few minutes. Diamond Offshore broke back into the black in the fourth quarter after three quarters of losses in '03. While Diamond Offshore's results improved -- mainly as a result of eliminating costs, optimizing rig configurations and developing new markets -- there were also signs later in the year that drilling activity was beginning to pick up. The Gulf of Mexico jack-up market showed the most improvement, as average dayrates for Diamond Offshore's jack-up fleet averaged about $30,000 by the end of the year. Jack-up utilization also increased over the third quarter and the fourth quarter of '02. The recent strength of the jack-up market has coincided with the completion of Diamond Offshore's jack-up upgrade program, allowing the Company to compete for business with state-of-the-art equipment. Bulova had a good year in the context of a very challenging retail environment, registering earnings that were more or less unchanged from the previous year. It continued to expand internationally in '03, making its first foray into Europe by establishing a new subsidiary in Switzerland to handle European sales and distribution. Loews Hotels enjoyed the benefits of a rebounding lodging market this past quarter and year. For both periods, average room rates and occupancy rates were both higher relative to the previous year, with New York and Miami properties registering the strongest revenue gains. As a result, net income improved for the quarter and the year. Loews Hotels' portfolio of properties also underwent a fair amount of change in '03, as it sold the Metropolitan Hotel -- a New York hotel it had owned since 1961 -- and entered into a number of new management contracts, including agreements for the Don Cesar in St. Pete Beach, Florida, a hotel in Beverly Hills, California now called the Loews Beverly Hills hotel, and the Loews New Orleans Hotel located in -- guess where everybody? The Texas gas and natural gas pipeline operation Loews acquired in the second quarter of '03 had the best year in its history. Income was at an all-time company high, even in spite of -- and also in some ways because of -- the Company's restructuring as a result of its acquisition. We continued to be very pleased with the addition of Texas Gas to the Loews family, and believe it will be a significant contributor of cash flow to Loews. With that I would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will drill deeper into our financial results. Well, Lorillard -- the Carolina Group balance sheet includes the Lorillard balance sheet and the lions share of the assets are all Lorillard, except for, I believe, about $150 million, sorry, $100 million of cash that's held at the Carolina Group level. So, yes. What you -- most of what you see will remain with Lorillard, and in fact, if you look at the S4, I think you'll be able to see that more clearly. Sure. The Marcellus Shale has turned the pipeline industry on its head. About three years ago there was virtually no gas production in the Marcellus shale and today there is about 11 billion cubic feet of production. That is in the context of the US total production of about -- using the [PIRA] numbers about 66.5 billion cubic feet per day. The Northeast consumes about on average 12 billion cubic feet a day. So the system that had been put in place to transport natural gas from Texas, Louisiana and the Gulf of Mexico up to Ohio, Pennsylvania and the Northeast, because of the Marcellus increased production has really changed -- the demand for the transportation to the Northeast has changed dramatically. And that is a major part of what is going on right now. So historically, we have -- credit quality has not been a problem for us at Boardwalk that all of our customers have generally paid on time and that has not been an issue for us. So it is something that we tend not to worry about too much. I don't want to go into any of the specifics of the tires that we are kicking. Let me just say that we are constantly looking and appraising situations. Investment bankers may get tired of us because we do an awful lot of looking and not that much bidding. But we are constantly looking for opportunities. And by the way, those opportunities have to compete with -- for capital with the repurchase of Loews shares. Bob, you know I can't answer that question other than to say that look at our history of us and our subsidiaries. First of all, we love all of our subsidiaries equally however we manage our investment to maximize the returns to our shareholders. Beyond that, I can't say what we would do with shares of CNA or for that matter, any of our other subsidiaries. No. Sorry. Okay yes. Oh, sales. I'm sorry. We are very comfortable with our position in the Carolina Group at this point in time. We have an investment of just under $1 billion in terms of the inter-company notional debt, and we have another 4 plus billion dollars in terms of value of Carolina Group shares. And that's just a level that we're comfortable with, the cash flow that we get from the company that we're comfortable with. A lot lower, yes. I don't know. But what I would say, is that if you look at the world of MLPs, there are a number of general partnerships that do trade, so that you can look at the valuations of those general partnerships and the multiple that those general partnerships trade at, and then you can get some sense of what you think the general partnership interest that Loews has in Boardwalk Pipelines is worth. But the thing that I don't foresee us doing is folding this into Boardwalk. Let me just restate it if I could. If you go back five years, virtually all of our free cash flow came from Lorillard. Now, we have significant sources of cash flow coming to Loews. We have, first of all, the dividend coming from CNA which should be -- based on the $0.10 a quarter dividend, should be about $100 million a year. We received a special dividend from Diamond Offshore and anticipate receiving regular dividends for the rest of the year, so that should be about, I think, $300 million or so. We have dividends or distributions coming from Boardwalk, which on a pre-tax basis should probably be between $150 and $200 million a year, based on the current dividends, distributions that they are paying. And then we also have the distributions from Lorillard, but we also have the investment income on our cash balances, which if you use just a money market rate of return, should be, on a pre-tax basis, in excess of $250 million a year. So, there is very significant cash flow that is coming up to the parent that has been dramatically diversified over the years and our goal is to continue diversifying that the cash flow. Well, as you know, we operate on the philosophy that each of our subsidiaries should be, number one, self financing and should be able to stand on their own. And we think it's appropriate for a company of this size and in this industry just to have some modest amounts of debt. So our goal would be to put the debt on from the very outset and have it service that debt from the very beginning. Yes, correct. CNA portfolio is about $41 billion. I didn't say we had to scale back our share repurchases. What I said is that I am not going to comment about our share repurchase is. As you know, the basic modus operandi of the Company has been to pay down the notional debt as quickly as possible. And then once that's done, to pay dividends -- pay as much as possible in dividends, while also maintaining the financial strength and solvency of Lorillard, and also keeping Carolina Group on a good, financial balance. So we have no plans beyond that. Hey, thank you. There is no need to. What we are buying here is an after-tax return, and there is no need to shelter it. Definitely. It's definitely a lot more challenging, we're seeing lots of lookers, But we have a belief that the world is cyclical, and at times, there are a lot of people looking. At times, there aren't, and so there's an old saying, just because you're on a diet doesn't mean you can't read the menu, so we continue to kick tires and look around and hope that we're going to find something, but we also understand that this is a very competitive environment and we're not going to rush into anything that doesn't make 100% sense for us and doesn't really fit fully within our investment parameters of how we want to invest. No. Then I'd have to pay you a lobbying fee. Yes, it is a joint venture -- two separate joint ventures but the same investor. Look, I've -- let's go to the shining and then we'll go to the hard market. Are there any questions for either Larry or Dean? Yes. I have that here. For the general partner, we received about $10 million a quarter. First of all, we don't want to do a big deal. No. Gulf South does not have any rate cases pending, and likewise it does not have any significant capital programs that are pending. Somewhat, yes. We're also -- the $100 million that we invested in land acquisitions in Oklahoma is primarily aimed at oil. We like very much the economics of that drilling program. As I mentioned on the last call, we spent about $100 million for land. And if we find the oil that we anticipate that we will find there, and we are mobilizing to do that right now, if we find that oil there could be an excess of $1 billion of drilling activity to get that oil out. And we see attractive returns on that investment. The intent is that this will be a tax-free transaction for Loews and for shareholders of CG and Loews Corp. I can't help you on that. Maybe you need to talk to your shrink about it. Well, first of all, the view of cash versus stock was simply that Loews owns 100% of Lorillard and it will be up to the Lorillard Board, we believe when Lorillard is public, in order to give out cash or equity awards. That's number one. Number two, with respect to the ownership, the Lorillard management team does have a significant number of options and SAR's in Carolina Group that will convert over to Lorillard shares. So the Lorillard management team has performed phenomenally under Loews leadership with their ownership. And I have no doubt that the incentives that they have when they are a part of a public Company will be similar. No, the 4. -- the $700 million in Boardwalk. You have to understand something. Carolina Group is not a company. Carolina Group is a class of stock. Lorillard is the company and Lorillard can have debt. But the problem is what good does debt do for Lorillard. If Lorillard takes on an extra $1 billion of debt that doesn't mean that it can pay $1 billion up to Loews. Lorillard has to maintain an amount of shareholders equity consistent with its business. Right now as Marty showed it had l$,300,000,000 of shareholders equity. If for example Lorillard were to take down $1 billion of debt and use that cash to pay up to Loews then the shareholder equity of Lorillard would drop to $300 million, a level that the directors of Lorillard have determined is not appropriate at this point in time. We have not found the accounting alchemy in order to be able to get additional cash from Lorillard and still be able to retain the shareholders equity. And likewise at the Carolina Group level, there are some who suggest that we should refinance the notional debt. And again, that is something that we have not found the accounting alchemy to do it. Right now that is a -- that $1.5 billion is what we call and it really is a notional inter-company debt. It is -- it was the original deal. It was the means to allocate the cash flows from -- that came up to Carolina Group from Lorillard as between Loews and the Carolina Group shareholders. It was put in place to provide a measure of leverage, financial leverage for all the shareholders of Carolina Group. And in fact I think it's worked out very well. If Carolina Group, if we were to somehow refinance that then what you're really saying is you're asking Loews to put $1.5 billion of debt on its balance sheet in order to somehow refinance that notional debt which currently is not on the balance sheet. And so it would have, if we were to do that, it would have untoward results with respect to Loews and its credit ratings. So it's something that Loews has decided not to do. Last questions, David? It was probably just some -- I don't know of anything in specific. It may have come, though, from the limited partnerships that we have at Carolina Group. We have now I guess about $130 million or so of limited partnership investments. And those could have performed well. The other thing is that interest rates have gone up. And so that instead of earning 1 percent on cash in the fourth quarter, for example, which we earned in the fourth quarter of '03 and the fourth quarter of '04, because we said that we had cash balances, we earned in excess of 2 percent. So interest rates doubled. And that's now helping us. Yes, it does. Those derivatives are mark to market every quarter. Are you looking for Loews consolidated? There is nothing that really grabs me right now. I was thinking the other day -- Josh previously mentioned the Jim Tisch $5 million test. And I was -- separate and apart from Josh, the other day I was thinking back to the early 1980s when we got into supertankers and when we were able to buy seven- or eight-year-old supertankers that had cost $15 million apiece when we were able to buy them for $5 million apiece. The difference then and now is that the financial markets and the investment markets are dramatically more crowded. When we bought supertankers there was nobody else looking at buying supertankers. And I contrast that to today where a few years ago when supertankers or shipping took just a little dip, there were lots and lots of investors, asset managers looking to go into the market. So the main thing that I see right now is very crowded investment markets. Meaning that most of the things that we see are either fully priced or fairly priced. That is the situation today. There isn't an enormous amount of fear. There is a sense that growth will generally continue. And there is just a lot of money coming into investment managers. Europe feels ripe, but it's far away. GE is an international company, and in going after alpha, it is a business that fits very well within GE's power business. If any of our subsidiaries wanted to do something in Europe, they should and will go ahead and do it, and they will be able to manage it within the context of their business. As we think about new businesses for Loews, we're thinking about something that's based in the United States. It could be an international business, similar to Diamond Offshore, but we want it based here in the United States. We know the rules. We know the regulations. We know the political environment, and, chances are, if it's in the United States, it will be within three time zones of us, and we won't have to take 10-hour flights to go visit management. So, when I think about internationally based businesses, I think of the culture divide, I think of the time divide, I think of the travel divide, and I say to myself, maybe it's best off if we do our hunting in our own backyard, rather than in someone else's. I am reticent to answer but what the heck, I'll sally forth anyway. My sense is that CNA is trading at two-thirds of book value, is a place where there could be significant upside opportunity. The stock is a prove me, or it has to prove itself to the market but I have seen what the management is doing. I have seen what the numbers look like, and I have a sense that they will be able to do what they say they're going to do. As we say, stay tuned and we'll all see. Judy, I would just say that if you take a long-term view of history, meaning over the past five or 10 years, I don't think that '07 was outside the norm at all. There are times when our volumes are up a bit. There are times when they're down a bit. For '07 our volumes were down less than 1%, so I don't know that that calls for a whole sale change in strategy. That's something that we haven't looked at. No, no, no, the Diamond -- oh, okay, so that's a quarterly number. Is the $175 million a quarterly number you're talking about? By the way, investment income is an integral part of the business model, not only of CNA, but of every insurance company. And if you read Warren Buffet's annual report, he refers to it as float, and how important that float is in the income for him and every other insurance company. So this was just a few data points came together for me and I decided that it was important for people that be thinking about it. Yes, we do. Yes. No. When the dust settles on this transaction hopefully by the end of the second quarter of this year there will be one class of Lorillard common stock. Thank you. I'm hopeful that it will be in '07, but I have no way of knowing. I haven't seen anything specific, but my instinct and my bones tell me that there are a significant number of independent gas E&P companies that are going to have a lot of trouble. With gas trading at $3.50 or $4.00, the industry was going to operate at minus $25 billion cash flow. I mean they were going to have to raise $25 billion outside sources. And now, with spot gas prices at $2.50 and with hedges running off for E&P companies, I think in some boardrooms there is concern that is moving to fear that is going to move to panic. And I think that the decline in rigs is just one symptom of that. Now we will have to see how this all plays out over the next six months to a year. But it looks like we are going to end the heating season with record amounts of natural gas that is going to put some pressure on natural gas prices. We're also seeing the time spreads increasing, because people think that natural gas will go up in the future -- which is, to some extent, benefiting Boardwalk Pipeline. First of all with respect to risk at Boardwalk, tell me specifically what you are referring to? Thank you all. And this is the time that's now unscripted, where you all get to ask questions and we get to try to answer them. So let me ask my fellow CEOs to come up. And I think Pete Keegan will be here in just a minute. And if any of you have questions, I think there'll be people in the back with microphones to -- so that you can ask your questions. Are there any questions? Over here. No, I am not going to mention whether we had any blackout periods. You're live, Bob. Okay, let's start with Diamond. When we bought back the shares of Diamond I think that we did not anticipate that the decline in offshore drilling would be as bad as it has been. We didn't anticipate that oil prices would go into the s$20; we didn't anticipate that oil companies would cut back their capital budgets so dramatically. And we certainly didn't anticipate that utilization today of drilling rigs would be at the levels that they are at. So, I think we were surprised, and I daresay that the rest of the market was surprised, by what has happened in the offshore drilling industry. But now I think we recognize very clearly exactly where we are in that business. With respect to CNA, I would say it is just the opposite of Diamond. Things have worked out pretty much as we have expected. CNA continues to improve on its underwriting; its earnings have come in very strong. And when we bought CNA's stock in the s$20 we said then and we say now the stock is just too damn cheap. You are right, when we bought it it did represent a 10% yield when you look at -- look in the rearview mirror and take into account the special dividend along with the regular dividend. And we believe very much in the strength of CNA's business. As I said in my remarks, we believe strongly in the capital level that CNA has and we believe strongly in the improvements that are taking place at CNA. We think it's an attractive place to invest capital. There is -- I believe there is a secret sauce of the people that we have in our hotels. The people that run our hotel business know how to select people. You have no idea how many times I hear people who have been at one of our hotels, especially in Miami Beach, come back and say the hotel was great, but wow, the staff was phenomenal. And so, I'm a smart guy. I don't interfere with how they're running the hotels. Repeat the question. Yes, the reserves are -- total reserves are about 2 billion -- sorry, 2.520 trillion cubic feet. Well, I haven't even thought about tax return transactions. This is an MLP is just totally different than a C-Corp, and in an MLP, the general partner has total control over the enterprise, just as in any partnership the general partner has total control and the limited partners are there as filing investors. Now, we take very -- we take a lot of consideration into account for the welfare of the limited partners, because we know that the valuation of their shares affects the valuation of Loews. So on the one hand, we're trying to gain good value for the general partner, but we know that Loews has an awful lot of shares of the limited partnership interest, and we are doing everything we can to improve the valuation of those limited partnership shares. So, the net amount is the difference between those two. Well, in terms of us buying more, I say the same thing about our purchases of Diamond that I'd say about our purchases of Loews which is that we don't comment on it. With respect to the replacement value, let me give you a few benchmarks and then you can compute your own replacement value. If you want to build a new fifth generation rate today, it will cost you between 600 and $650 million. If you want to build a new 300 foot jack-up today, it will probably cost you about 170 or $180 million and both of those rigs would take about three to four years to actually get delivery of. Yes? There is a used market but there haven't been many transactions recently so what you have to do is base it off of what they're earning and then figure out how to compute a price based on that. It is never too late to start, Philippe. So, apparently this morning Ensco announced that it was going to buy Pride for -- using a combination of cash and stock. And they -- according to the release that I saw, they will now become the second largest offshore drilling rig operator in the world. I've been involved in this industry for over 20 years, and I've seen lots of mergers and conglomerations. And this is the one industry where I can very firmly say that if you are at least of a minimum size, that you can compete with the biggest rig owners out there, and for sure, Diamond Offshore qualifies as having enough scale in order to be able to compete. When you look at the release, it says they anticipate about $50 million of savings by putting the two companies together. Now, on the one hand, $50 million is a lot of money, but on the other hand, in the context of the size and scope of the transaction, I think it's about a $7.5 billion transaction, the notion that you're getting $50 million of synergy makes it plain that the reason for the transaction was not to gain those synergies. We are very interested in acquiring additional rigs at prices that are attractive to us. And we'll put up the sign that says we're open to any group be they Norwegian or otherwise that has rigs that they want to sell or somehow transfer to us. We're always interested in that. Yes. Thank you for the advertisement for our website. Well, quote them, then. Hey, good morning, David. Yeah, we have, if you read our balance sheet in the debt footnotes you see that coming up we have in July some 7-5/8 percent notes that are callable. And in October we have some 7 percent notes that are callable. And so we wanted to have a shelf available so that if we decided that it made sense to refinance those securities we'd be able to do that in a rather timely manner. One other thing, one other thing. That is there's a real distinction between drilling for oil in shale formations and drilling for it offshore. When you drill for oil in shale it can be as little as two months between the time that you make the investment decision until the time that you start production. So it's relatively -- and you also have a very good sense of exactly how much oil you're going to be able to produce from that shale well. So with prices at $59 a barrel you're able to pretty effectively hedge your first several years of production which makes all the difference in terms of the economics of your well. So remember with onshore shale production it's two months from the time you decide to drill until the time you're producing. For offshore drilling it's two to five years from the time you decide to drill until the time that you can be producing. So the offshore guys are much less concerned about the spot price for oil and much more concerned about what the trend is going to be. They don't know nearly as well how much oil they are going to be able to produce from that well that they may drill in the next year and they've got to do all manner of completion so they don't know exactly when the oil is going to be produced. So it's much more difficult for them to hedge their production than it is for the onshore shale people. All I'm going to do is thank you for your comments. Well, Lorillard -- the Carolina Group balance sheet includes the Lorillard balance sheet and the lions share of the assets are all Lorillard, except for, I believe, about $150 million, sorry, $100 million of cash that's held at the Carolina Group level. So, yes. What you -- most of what you see will remain with Lorillard, and in fact, if you look at the S4, I think you'll be able to see that more clearly. Say again? Let me put it to you this way. It does not make sense for us to drill for natural gas at $2.00 an Mcf. In fact, we are not drilling in the Permian Basin for dry gas, nor are we drilling anywhere for dry gas. The only drilling that is going on now is looking for wet gas and also oil. But, before you finish, underperformed Philip Morris. Don't just look on the price basis. We have a general rule that we don't talk about our share repurchases, other than to basically report what we have repurchased at the end of the quarter. I can't give you any help as to whether we are more or less aggressive. Let me just say that in deciding how to allocate the Company's capital at the holding company level, we try to weigh carefully acquisitions, share repurchases, or just retaining the cash in the Company itself. And there is no set formula for that, but it is something that we talk about constantly. Hold on one second. We're just looking up the answer. Maybe it went up by that amount and that might have been a result of options that were exercised. I'm not sure, but remember 20% of Lorillard at today's prices is in excess of $3 billion. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today to discuss Loews's first-quarter results. Overall, our first-quarter financial results were solid. As you know by now, we reported earnings per share of $0.92 for the quarter, which matched the $0.92 per share that Loews earned in the first quarter of 2011. Our book value per share at quarter-end was $48.96 a share, a 3.4% increase over our book value per share at year-end. Underlying these financial results are the actions being taken by each of our subsidiaries to set value-creating strategies and to achieve operational excellence. Let's take a closer look at each of our subsidiaries beginning with CNA. Under Tom Motamed, CNA continues to improve its core P&C operations, which included specialty insurance and commercial insurance businesses. The CNA team is executing strategies to achieve the dual goals of growth and underwriting profitability. Adjusting for the sale of its 50% stake in First Insurance Company of Hawaii during the fourth quarter of 2011, CNA achieved growth in net premiums written in its P&C operations of 5%. This strong growth came from three main factors -- strong retention of existing business, healthy rate increases on retained business, and attractive new business in targeted areas. By way of example, during the first quarter CNA specialty and CNA commercial increased rates by 3% and 5%, respectively, with certain sub-lines of business showing much stronger rate achievement. Additionally, the ratio of new-to-lost business is 1.4-to-1. What this means is that CNA's underwriting and marketing efforts are gaining traction. CNA's 68.8% first-quarter loss ratio, before the impact of catastrophes and prior-year development, was essentially in line with the prior-year quarter. The company's objective is to reduce its loss ratio materially from here. Rate increases, combined with improved underwriting discipline, are the keys to achieving this objective. Finally, CNA took a major step in March when it reached agreement to acquire Hardy Underwriting for $227 million. Hardy is a specialized Lloyd's underwriter with a respected market reputation and a long history of disciplined underwriting. The proposed acquisition will provide CNA with a key platform for international growth. Hardy's shareholders approved this transaction last Thursday and it is expected to close by the end of the second quarter. Turning to Diamond Offshore and the offshore drilling market, Diamond had a good first quarter despite net income being down 26% year-over-year. Diamond's quarterly earnings can vary meaningfully as a result of such factors as survey downtime, rigs coming off contract, and the costs associate with moving rigs from one locale to another. As we have discussed previously, Diamond continues its program of fleet renewal and has three ultra-deepwater drillships and one moored semi-submersible rig under construction. Two of the drillships are already contracted to begin working for Anadarko Petroleum at attractive day rates. The other two units are currently being marketed and should be able to benefit from the prevailing robust dayrate environment. These four units are in addition to the two ultra-deepwater semis that Diamond purchased out of bankruptcy in '09 and the four semis that were upgraded to ultra-deepwater status since '02. We're enthused about Diamond's market position and the future of the offshore drilling business. Turning to Boardwalk Pipeline, during this past quarter Boardwalk purchased from Loews for $285 million the 80% equity interest in Boardwalk HP Storage that Loews had acquired to support Boardwalk's purchase of those storage assets in December. As we previously said, our intention was always to drop down our 80% stake when it made financial sense for Boardwalk to purchase it. This transaction worked just as planned and ultimately benefited both Boardwalk and Loews' shareholders. Boardwalk continues to pursue projects like Boardwalk HP Storage that leverage Boardwalk's core assets, diversify its services and geographic footprint, and generate growth. HP Storage is a great example of that strategy in action. Another example is the Eagle Ford expansion project. Boardwalk announced in February that it had executed a long-term fee-based gathering and processing agreement with Statoil and Talisman for approximately half of the processing plant's capacity. Boardwalk's construction of the gathering lines and processing plant are continuing on schedule. We don't typically spend much time on these calls discussing Loews Hotels, but hopefully that will change in the quarters and years ahead. Paul Whetsell, who joined Loews Hotels as President and CEO in January, has hit the ground running. Paul and the Loews Hotels team are sharpening their focus on growing in key urban and resort markets while at the same time improving the performance and profitability of our existing properties. Renovations are either underway or imminent at several of our current hotels, and growth opportunities are being continually reviewed. As with all of our subsidiaries, our goal at Loews Hotels is to create long-term value for all Loews shareholders. Finally, let me turn to HighMount E&P. Quite simply, low natural gas prices make life difficult for HighMount as the company is predominantly a producer of natural gas. Last Friday, the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas settled at $2.06 per Mcf, the equivalent of oil selling for less than $12.50 a barrel. The good news is that HighMount is not standing still. Instead, it is responding to this unprecedented environment by taking a number of steps, including materially scaling back dry gas development activity in the Permian Basin; focusing development in the Permian Basin on gas-rich wells with high liquid yield and oil potential, specifically in the Wolfcamp strata; and also, acquiring and developing a core position in the Mississippian Lime that we believe will be a profitable oil development opportunity for HighMount. HighMount is in the early stages of scaling up its efforts to produce more oil and liquids, so current production is still dominated by dry gas. But we are encouraged by management's efforts to pursue projects that have the prospects of generating higher returns in the current environment. HighMount recorded a noncash ceiling test impairment charge of $28 million after taxes in the first quarter related to its carrying value of natural gas and oil properties. This noncash accounting charge was the result of declines in natural gas prices. If prices remain unchanged through 2012 and holding all other assumptions constant, HighMount will incur noncash after-tax ceiling test impairments that could range from approximately $400 million to $450 million for the full year of 2012, inclusive of the first-quarter impairment. As you know, ceiling test impairment charges are mandated by GAAP, not because gas is no longer in the ground but simply because the accounting rules require us to value all of our reserves at current prices. Before I turn the call over to Pete I want to take a few moments to comment on natural gas in the face of today's historically low prices. When putting today's natural gas price environment into context, I like to remind myself of what I call the second rule of economics, which is -- what has to happen happens. Currently, gas prices are unsustainably low due to the combination of an extraordinarily warm winter and the overproduction of shale gas. It is simply not economically viable today to drill a well for dry gas at a $2.00 per Mcf price. But fear not. With natural gas prices this low, gas production will slow down and demand will increase. Eventually, we will arrive at an equilibrium price of natural gas which I estimate to be at about $4.50 per Mcf, which is the BTU equivalent of $27.00 per barrel of oil, still a veritable bargain. At that $4.50 price, the United States can and will dramatically increase its production of natural gas. And at that price there will still be an enormous incentive for consumption of natural gas to increase significantly. In fact, this is already happening. Diesel fuel consumers are currently making the capital investments necessary to switch to natural gas, often with a two-year payback on their investment. Not only will truckers and railroads convert to natural gas, but HighMount too is seriously analyzing the option of converting its drilling operation in the oil patch to natural gas from diesel. Due to improvements in fracking technology which have on unlocked enormous amounts of gas shale hydrocarbons, the United States has a virtually unlimited supply of natural gas. This new, abundant source of energy can and will in the next decade transform our economy. With supply assured and prices low, natural gas consumption will certainly continue to increase. Power generation, transportation, industrial production, and LNG exports from the US should all combine to materially enhance gas demand. So while the US may be in for a few more years of unnaturally low gas prices, I'm of the belief that over the medium to long term the most fundamental precept of economics -- which is, that relative prices drive demand -- will result in higher natural gas prices and a more favorable pricing environment for HighMount. Now, back to the business at hand. Let me turn the call over to Pete for more details on the first quarter. Maybe it went up by that amount and that might have been a result of options that were exercised. I'm a little puzzled as to the statement that other companies want to appeal back to the third DCA. I think that may be a misinterpretation of some comments made by RAI. As far as I know, as far as Lorillard's position is concerned, we have received an extension to refile for a rehearing motion before the Florida Supreme Court, it has nothing to do with the third DCA, and we have until next Monday really, August 7, with that extension to determine whether or not we will file for rehearing and that's being considered right now. Beyond filing for the rehearing, any other implications of which court does what is a matter for the Florida Supreme Court to decide so I don't think there's anything specifically automatic about anyone filing anything that has anything to do with the third DCA. With respect to any of -- my statement that I just made before really is relevant as to what I answered before to David's question and that is depending on the status of the legal situation as we go through this process, we will make a determination as to how to deal with these other issues that you're referring to. We foresee very attractive -- very, very attractive double-digit IRRs from investments in this property. This property cost us $106 million. We think there could be more than 600 drilling sites, and that would mean drilling expenditures over the life of the property in excess of $1.5 billion. And we see very attractive IRRs on that drilling investment. Here is what I would say. If you want to buy the stock of a company that has got a significant equity portfolio, go to Berkshire Hathaway. We do not think that we are going to generate significant long-term returns for our shareholders by having a large equity portfolio. We are looking to either buy in our shares, buy in other business or invest in our own businesses. That is the main way that we are going to build value for our shareholders. I love them all. We don't have that at hand right now. We have -- we are looking at both development possibilities, as well as acquisition possibilities. In fact on Monday, I'm going to look at one. So we are actively trying to pursue transactions that make sense on an economic and financial basis for our Hotel company. Thank you. I don't think that Boardwalk has disclosed a specific anticipated return on investment. But let me just say we think that it is very attractive. And those acquisitions also can lead to very attractive organic growth projects that can have yet even higher returns than the acquisition itself. Yes. Yes. So first of all, maybe to answer a question that you didn't ask or maybe just sort of referred to, one question is why don't we just liquidate Loews. It trades at a discount to the sum of the parts and bingo, we could all have ourselves a nice gain of Lord knows how many percent if we set out in the course of the next year to do an orderly liquidation of Loews. Yes, that would probably be good for one year. But we think much longer term than one year. When you look at the performance of Loews over the past 50 years, Loews has just about doubled the performance record of the S&P 500. And to this day, I still think of Loews as a machine that is capable of significantly outperforming the S&P 500. We can do that in a number of ways. One is, by share repurchases and my guess is that share repurchases over the past 30 or 40 years have dramatically amplified the outperformance of Loews, sort of like adding gasoline to the fire. And the other way we can outperform is by making what we call opportunistic investments. And like I said, we're not managing for the next year. We're managing for the long term for investors that understand what we're doing, who buy into the notion, who are not looking for a quick flash in the pan, but rather are looking for management that's thinking about how best to create value over the long term, looking at a broad spectrum of investment possibilities. Well, first of all, we are not a large hotel Company, so a lot of what drives us is based on a few markets, primarily the Florida market and secondarily the New York market. Those markets have been reasonably good for us but it doesn't reflect the full national trend. And I don't know what the other companies have experienced in the first quarter but I thought, that in view of what's going on in the economy and the financial markets, that the hotel business actually turned in pretty good results. We thought he actually sounded pretty good. I think it was just generally [facts] that were -- had a -- equities that we held at the Loews portfolio were down for the quarter. So the only place generally where there has been is direct head-to-head competition of natural gas and oil is in transportation fuels. But when you look at the energy mix of the US economy, you see that oil has come down and natural gas has gone up. The place where natural gas has taken very significant market share over the past several years has been in power production and their natural gas has taken market share from coal. The other thing that has happened is that oil consumption has declined -- steadily declined in the United States since about 2007 and the reason for that is either improved miles per gallon on cars or flat -- or miles driven not increasing so dramatically. But it hasn't really been so much gas on oil competition. No, not at all. The Loews portfolio, which is now about $3.5 billion, has been invested primarily in treasuries, and some equities, but the earnings of that portfolio are reported every month -- every quarter on a mark-to-market basis on our -- in our income statement. And I'm being corrected here. It's $3.2 billion, not $3.5 billion. I round up. Yes. Yes, we can. Now we can. Michael you have been on that kick I see. Listen I don't know where you came up with the idea that we weren't going to sell the hotel business or take it public, but there is an awful lot that goes into any decision to take a company public or to sell it. There are size questions. There are lots of tax questions and there are questions as to simply whether strategically even if all those factors are appropriate, whether it makes sense at any given point in time. And notwithstanding what you have written at this point in time we just don't see the benefit of monetizing our hotel interests. By the way, investment income is an integral part of the business model, not only of CNA, but of every insurance company. And if you read Warren Buffet's annual report, he refers to it as float, and how important that float is in the income for him and every other insurance company. That is correct. Yes, we will. You're welcome. No. Bob, you know I say that all the time. And in that environment, we were still able to buy two natural gas pipelines and put them together. I am going to propose you for the FASB board. Well, I don't think it's a matter of extending the [Ingle] agreement, it's a matter of at what point in time is it appropriate for us to make decisions relative to the [Ingle] agreement. I don't think it has anything to do with extending it unnecessarily. Well, the Company produces about 120 billion cubic feet per year, but there are some what we call VVP's, volumetric production payments that we have to pay that I think this year is about 8 or 10 B's. After that there won't be any VPP's at all. So you can compute the revenues by multiplying the net volume by whatever price you want to assume. That's right. That struck me when I was sitting in a meeting with another company. And I thought to myself, wow, they get up each day thinking about how they can sell more widgets and how they can grow their net income. And I said, I get up each day thinking about how do I create more value for Loews shareholders. And for me it was actually [in a piffany]. To a lot of people, it may sound like a distinction without a difference, but to me it's all the difference in the world. I'm not focused on selling drilling services or selling insurance. I'm focused on how -- we've got really good managements in our businesses, CEOs and their teams that are focused intently on that. I'm focused instead on thinking about strategically how do those businesses grow and strategically how does Loews create more value. And it's just dramatically different than the CEO of what you might call an operating company. Or swaps. Our general view is that we'd like to hedge some of the production of this company, not necessarily all of it. But we view that by hedging, it's really a very conservative and prudent way to go to lock in some of -- to lock in this level of gas prices and lock in some level of earnings and cash flow for the company. All the more reason for you to come to our investor conference. Yes. Yes, and -- but even if there are needs from the subsidiaries, I mean we're talking a small percent of the $2.4 billion that Loews has. What block sale? Like I said, I would rather be lucky than smart. You add those, not subtract them. Okay. Assuming we had purchased it January 1st is difficult to do. The - it's going to cost us, we anticipate that the cash that this will cost us is about $525m, and then the rest will be financed through debt security. And so you can just deduct that from our cash balances. And then you'd have to add back your estimate for what the income would be during that period. And what was your second question? My pleasure. You know, we didn't play a lot of offense. And the reason we didn't is because that was such a scary and volatile period that we wanted to make sure that everything within the Loews family was safe, sound and secure. We did put $1 billion into CNA. We did make investments in Boardwalk. But we did not make any other substantial investments. And I might say that, for those that did try to catch a falling knife at that time, sometimes what they found was the blade, not the handle. And for those that were trying to actually buy businesses, it was really very difficult because once the market started to move up in March, there was basically no looking back, and it would have been very difficult for anybody to have bought a public business at that point in time. That applies to the three Tieschs in management. I don't know about the senior managers of Loews. I would assume not, but I don't know for sure and I don't know if filings were required for them. The parent, we don't have much in the way of fixed income. We do from time to time trade in the government bond market, but we don't have fixed income the way we do in CNA. And the reason I wanted to talk about book value and what's going to happen is that I feel pretty confident that at some point in the next few years interest rates are going to go up, and CNA's book value is going to go down. And this is just a way of saying in advance I told you so, and trying to make abundantly clear, at a time when we don't need to say it, what will happen to the book value, and the fact that in terms of the operation and financial strength of CNA that it is pretty much a non event if the book value does go down as a result of an increase in interest rates. Yes. We've always thought that having the -- owning 100% of the general partnership was very attractive because we get the incentive distribution rights which is starting to kick in now as the returns to the limited partners goes higher. So it's a long-term asset that we believe we're holding and we think that it's going to be very valuable for all Loews' shareholders. The high splits, yes. The historic costs have been about $1.30 per Mcf. A large scale acquisition would be a use of cash just the way share repurchases are a use of cash. We weigh the long-term benefits of all the different opportunities including share repurchases and acquisitions in trying to determine what is the best course for Loews. So it is sort of like going to the eye doctor and looking at the eye chart and say is A more attractive or B more attractive, can you see more clearly with A or B. And we make our decision that way. We don't feel that we have to make an acquisition. What we feel we have to do is constantly be striving to increase the long-term value of the company. And we use whatever means we can which we believe provides the best results for all our shareholders. There are always tax implications. I do not know, though, what the specific implications would be. Obviously, any time you go to do something like that, you call in the tax lawyers and there is lots and lots of talk, but we haven't done that. When you say recent investment moves, what are you talking about specifically? I would say a handful of hotels. I think that we've done -- over the past four or five years, we've covered a lot of the map with Boston, Washington, Chicago -- we have two -- Minneapolis and San Francisco. So we've come a long way. There are other cities that we'd like to be in. We are moving forward on plans to develop some hotels and we are looking to acquire others. So there is still room to go, but we are hard at work on it. Good morning. Yes. We'd love to, there are just a few problems. Number one, because of SEC rules, we're not allowed to buy all the time. If we are in possession of material nonpublic information, we have to cease and desist from buying stock. And likewise, on days when we can buy stock, we are limited to buying no more than 25% of the average past four-week volume. So there are limitations as to how much that we can buy. We're selling it -- we bought all our -- when we bought HighMount we paid I think $1.63 per Mcf and when we sold, we're selling it at about $1.59 per Mcf. I think we're selling fewer Mcfs, we have fewer Mcfs in the ground, so that may account for a bit of it. But otherwise, on that benchmark it's about the same. Can we get back to you a little later on that? About 50%. We are -- I think we have enunciated a desire to have approximately a year's production hedged over two years. And by doing that, it gives us some confidence in budgeting our capital spending for the year which is not so easy to turn on and off. Now in July of this year with natural gas prices at $14 and Mcf, it looks like a pretty ridiculous strategy that we had employed. But now with natural gas prices at about $7 an Mcf, we're happy that we did it. Anyone else? So let me thank you all for coming. We're going to take about a 10-minute break and afterwards the different breakout sessions will take place in the different rooms in this area. Thank you very much. My pleasure. At the outset of the call Marty said that they might consider taking on debt, but their intent would be for Lorillard to maintain investment-grade rating. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Since I'm not in the habit of ignoring the elephant in the room, I want to start today's discussion by focusing on the stock prices of Loews and our subsidiaries. You certainly don't need me to tell you that the stock market performed terribly in the third quarter. Unfortunately, the stocks of our subsidiaries performed even worse. The S&P 500 was down about 7% in the third quarter. The Diamond was down more than 30%. Boardwalk was down 19% and CNA was down 9%. Loews' share price was, of course, affected by these declines and performed on par with the S&P 500 for the quarter. In general, we believe that the stock market is undervaluing our shares and those of our subsidiaries. Despite being frustrated, rather than complain, we look at this as an opportunity to create value for Loews' shareholders by buying back our stock and we did. Our lemonade from lemons attitude will not come as a shock to those of you who know us. We were happy to buy back 8.7 million shares of Loews' stock in the third quarter. Year-to-date, we've spent over $750 million buying back more than 19.6 million shares. You might be asking yourself why didn't we purchase more of our subsidiary shares directly. It's simple. As I mentioned, we believe that all of our subsidiaries' shares are currently undervalued in the market. When we purchased Loews' shares, we were simultaneously buying all of our subsidiary shares at a conglomerate discount. So we focused the lion's share of our buybacks on Loews' stock to get what amounts to a double discount. Let me spend a few moments on what might be driving the decline in our subsidiary shares. For our energy subsidiaries, the drop in their share prices is a function of the headwinds facing their respective markets. Diamond's share price has moved in line with its peer group. The entire offshore drilling industry had a miserable year in the stock market and the misery is ongoing. Unfortunately, the current fundamentals of the offshore drilling industry are lousy as well. Offshore drilling rig day rates have been driven down due to a trifecta of challenging market conditions -- namely, one, a steep drop in oil prices; two, the reduction in oil companies' exploration and production budgets; and three, a wave of new rig deliveries that began about six years ago. These conditions have caused drilling contracts to be shortened, canceled or renegotiated resulting in rigs being idled. Additionally, oil companies have deferred or canceled new drilling projects. Even with day rates currently at less than half of their peak levels, oftentimes there are still no takers for the rig. These circumstances have created a difficult backdrop for the offshore drilling industry to say the least. Not to be lost in all of this, and despite the doom and gloom, Diamond did perform well this quarter, reporting strong earnings from their new drill ships with very little downtime and good cost management. Since the start of this down cycle, I've been asked is offshore drilling coming back. My answer is an unequivocal yes. By some estimates, offshore oil production supplies up to 30% of the world's oil. This is a significant percentage that cannot be replaced by conventional onshore drilling or shale production. I believe that the lack of drilling now will sow the seeds for an oil price recovery later. When prices rise, which they will, Diamond's customers will return to exploring for new sources of production and while Diamond is mostly being affected by the cyclical downturn in the offshore drilling market, with its conservative capitalization, strong liquidity position and the added bonus that all of its sixth generation rigs are contracted, I am confident that the Company will be able to weather this cycle and emerge well-positioned for the rebound. Turning to Boardwalk, their stock was down, but somewhat less than the Alerian index, which is a composite of energy infrastructure master limited partnerships. The index took a 25% nosedive in the third quarter as investors became concerned about ML distribution growth rates, or, as I like to call it, the MLP treadmill. This is the very same treadmill that Boardwalk stepped off of about a year ago, allowing its management team to focus on positioning the Company for long-term growth and profitability. This longer horizon strategy has allowed Boardwalk to take advantage of the changing supply and demand dynamics in the natural gas market by connecting its network of natural gas pipeline and storage assets to new and used markets without the dilutive effects of significant share issuance at low prices. Boardwalk's focus has been on developing organic growth projects backed by long-term contracts. These projects promise to be great investments and are expected to provide Boardwalk with an unlevered double-digit rate of return on assets as they are completed over the next two to four years. Even though the industry is in transition and the stock price is low, we are bullish about Boardwalk's long-term prospects. Finally, let's take a look at CNA. The Company's stock is down a bit more than the 6% decline of its peer group. CNA had a solid third quarter and to my mind, there does not seem to be a correlation between stock price and performance here. CNA's strategy continues to be to deliver improved underwriting margin and its commercial business is the strongest it's been in years. While positive developments in the core P&C business were offset somewhat by reduced performance in the limited partnership portfolio, the underlying business is very strong. Before I turn the call over to our CFO, David Edelson, I want to reiterate why we remain positive on the long-term prospects of each of our subsidiaries. CNA is stronger than it's ever been. Its specialty business has always been a top performer and is the envy of the insurance industry while its commercial business has shown tremendous improvement in there is still room for more. As for Diamond Offshore, to say that it's operating in a very tough environment is an understatement. However, we've seen this movie before and we know how it ends. That's why Diamond has maintained a strong balance sheet and worked hard to secure long-term contracts for its newbuild rigs. There is no doubt that the Company will weather the storm and hopefully grow in the process. Boardwalk has been able to capitalize on the changing supply and demand dynamics of the natural gas industry. The Company is developing significant organic growth projects with outstanding rates of return that will be coming online in the next several years. And finally, Loews Hotels & Resorts has successfully focused on profitable growth and operational excellence. From 2012 through 2015, the hotel chain added eight hotels across the country. These additions have contributed positively to adjusted EBITDA. It's a trend that we hope to see continue. At Loews, our actions are guided by our responsibility to our shareholders and our focus on creating long-term value. The strategies employed and steps taken by each of our subsidiaries have the same motivations and goals. So while our stock and those of our subsidiaries may be out of favor among some, you won't find us complaining. Rather, you are more likely to find us repurchasing Loews' stock and creating value for all of our shareholders. And now I'd like to turn the call over to David. So I think these general agreement by those that study the oil markets, be it the AEI, the IEA or private forecasters, this general agreement that oil consumption is going to -- worldwide oil consumption is going to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. So I am not worried about that. And likewise, when we think about -- as I said before, when we think about consumption growing, you have to remember that it is not just 1 million barrels a day of new capacity that you have to add, it is more like 5 million, 6 million or 7 million barrels a day of new capacity that you have to add. So the marketplace, once it reaches an equilibrium, the market price for oil will set to a level that makes it such that enough oil can be found in order to supply the world with what is being demanded. And like I said, my guess is that is somewhere between $75 and $90 a barrel. And my guess is that at those levels offshore drilling would be very attractive for oil companies. -- losses in Carolina Group? Yes, the Company pays a dividend I think of $0.15 a quarter, which is $0.60 a year. That is determined on a quarterly basis by the Board of Directors. It has been at that level for a number of years now. I assume you're talking about the rigs available for sale? Well, I'm not going to talk about what we've done in our portfolio since the end of the quarter, but I think that a lot of the reaction of Loews' and CNA's stock to our earnings report related to the other than temporary impairments that we took. And Pete explained it once, but let me just add a little bit to this discussion. We manage today, and for the past 30 years, we have managed CNA's portfolio differently than most other insurance companies manage their portfolio. Typically, when an insurance company manages a portfolio, they buy an asset, they put it there, they buy a bond, they put it in their portfolio, and they wake up five, ten, or 20 years later, or whatever, and the bond matures. That is typically not what happens in the CNA portfolio. When we manage the portfolio, we are -- we have a more active portfolio management style. We buy securities and we sell securities. And the reason that we do this is because we believe that we can add value by moving from one security to another, from one sector of the market to another. And so as I said, that's been our modus operandi for 30 years. And I would happily stack up our performance record versus those of our peers in the insurance industry. What's happened more recently is that the accounting rules have been tweaked and changed slightly, and the result of it is that most of the portfolio that we have, we carry as available for sale. And the way the rules work today on securities that are carried available for sale is that if at the end of the quarter that individual security is at a loss, doesn't matter if it's a $0.01, a point, or 20 points. If it's at a loss, you have to state an intention to hold that security to recovery of the loss. And if you can't make that assertion, then you have to take an impairment loss, what's called an other than temporary impairment loss. The result of this is that we very much want to keep as much of our portfolio available for sale so that we can trade it to capitalize on changes in the markets. So therefore, we take as big an impairment charge as we can so that we can keep as much of our portfolio open and available for sale. And so what you're seeing is an impairment charge that took place due to the significant increase in interest rates that occurred in the second quarter, and very little of that impairment charge actually resulted from deteriorating credit in our portfolio. There's also at this time, I understand, tremendous sensitivity about CDOs and subprime securities, and let me just review for a minute the mortgage portfolio that we have at CNA. CNA has a mortgage portfolio of just under $11.7 billion. Of that, 3.8% is in CDO debt. But of that that's in CDO debt, a substantial portion -- in fact, most of that is in commercial CDOs, and mostly rated Single A. We also have about a -- just under $700 million of asset-backed securities that are backed by subprime mortgages. And that is a portfolio that we are, in fact, very comfortable with. Additionally, because we recognized when we bought these securities, that there was some risk to them, we have also entered into shorts in derivatives to offset some of the risk from those subprime mortgages. So, yes, some of those subprime mortgages are down in price, but the other thing offsetting that is significant increases in the hedge that we had put on to counterbalance those subprime mortgages. That's my answer, Bob, and I'm sticking to it. No. Pete, do you have that? Let me just say we are very comfortable with our current ownership position. I don't want to talk about what we're going to do in the future, not for Boardwalk, not for CNA, not for any of our subsidiaries. But I can just tell you right now, we are very happy with our ownership of Boardwalk, and the cash flow and tax benefits that it's providing to Loews. So we bought the shares simply because we thought they were very cheap and inexpensive relative to where the stock had been over the past seven or eight years and also where it is today and the marketplace. It is our -- I think it reflects our belief that there is a future for the offshore drilling industry. First of all, just for clarification, we received $500 million redemption in the third quarter, and we anticipate that we will receive the remaining $500 million redemption in the fourth quarter. Not all of them. Some of them do, but they are each consistent. First of all, I think that if prices just stay where they are, we'll do very well with this investment. But as for longer term, I think that gas is more and more going to be the fuel of choice as we move into a world that's worried about global warming and greenhouse gases. Combined with that, we're seeing a reserve base in the United States that's at best, I'd say, staying flat. We're seeing reduced imports of natural gas from Canada, and I think we're going to see demand in the form of industrial, commercial, and residential uses. The one place where we could see increases in supply is in LNG, and LNG is now becoming -- liquid natural gas is now becoming an international commodity. But my guess is that we're nonetheless going to see a tight supply/demand situation in the United States over the long term as LNG just makes up for the declines in our producing assets. The parent, we don't have much in the way of fixed income. We do from time to time trade in the government bond market, but we don't have fixed income the way we do in CNA. And the reason I wanted to talk about book value and what's going to happen is that I feel pretty confident that at some point in the next few years interest rates are going to go up, and CNA's book value is going to go down. And this is just a way of saying in advance I told you so, and trying to make abundantly clear, at a time when we don't need to say it, what will happen to the book value, and the fact that in terms of the operation and financial strength of CNA that it is pretty much a non event if the book value does go down as a result of an increase in interest rates. Pete's got the information on the tax rate. Yes. Yes, it is. You know, I let our Loews share purchases stand on their own. 80% of Henry Hub. Okay. We fully expect to. We have our -- I think $865 million in debt. Even if we finance this entirely with Loews cash, that means we'll have $1.3 billion in cash and we also have, as you know, very significant cash flows coming in to the parent company. So the cash that we use to make this acquisition should be replenished rather rapidly. It's one of the great mysteries, and you're going to have to wait until we report our second-quarter earnings to find out. We don't have an exact answer. We can get it for you, though. But the thing that we monitor most closely is the RevPAR, the revenue per available room, and that was up rather significantly. In the hotel business, you have to make the choice between rate and occupancy, and RevPAR really is the meshing of those two metrics and we believe a much, much better metric for how you're doing and what your profitability is than is occupancy. No. No. It is by and large pretty boring, which is the way we like to keep it. We participated in -- we've bought some bank loans, some high yield bank loans, loans that have gone from par a year ago to 85 just a few weeks ago. We've made purchases in those securities from time to time. We've been dabbling in the corporate bond market, as well as the municipal bond market. These are all markets where we see plenty of opportunities amid the stress that most of the market is feeling. You have to include the dividends, because of CG, outyields Philip Morris. Thank you, Josh. The fourth quarter of 2004 capped off what was a strong year for Loews. Our operating businesses all registered very good results, either holding their good performance steady, or in some cases, making dramatic gains in the income that they reported for the year. CNA's work in 2003 to restructure its business and to restore and realign its balance sheet served it well in '04. After recording substantial losses in '03 as a result of these efforts, CNA rebounded this past year to post significant earnings. The Company's performance is even more impressive in light of the fact that 4 severe storms battered the southeastern U.S. during hurricane season this year. Its capacity to absorb these catastrophic events without material damage to its operating results is also a testament to the improved ability of CNA to manage its exposure. We expect CNA to exhibit the same strength in years to come and to deliver steadily significant returns for loans overtime. Lorillard also enjoyed a rebound of sorts in '04 after a particularly challenging '03. Marty Orlowski, who will join us in just a moment, will give you all the details. But the short version is that a better fundamental environment allowed Lorillard to reduce its promotional spending from a year earlier and still grow Newport shipment volume and marketshare. As a result, earnings improved, as well. Just as last (technical difficulty) week, the tobacco industry also recorded a significant legal victory. The Washington, D.C. Court of Appeals essentially eliminated the chief financial risk of the U.S. Department of Justice's case against cigarette companies, ruling that the disgorgement of past profits it had sought under its regal lawsuit was not a legally permissible remedy. Although the DOJ can still seek a review of this decision, and although the industry otherwise still faces its share of legal obstacles, this latest verdict gives us further reason to believe in the emergence of a generally more favorable litigation environment for all tobacco companies. Diamond Offshore enjoyed a long anticipated and long overdue recovery in offshore drilling activity in '04. As exploration companies re-up their drilling budgets, dayrates for rigs skyrocketed across the semisubmersible spectrum. A number of Diamond Offshore's fourth-generation semisubmersibles, for example, received commitment to work for as much as $150,000 per day in contrast to the $60,000 per day that they had received a year earlier. While the Company registered a loss for '04 on account of weakness in the offshore drilling market that persisted in the early part of the year, its fourth quarter was profitable. Prospects for continued strength in the offshore drilling sector are good, which will hopefully enable Diamond Offshore to build a sizable contract backlog stretching over a number of years. Loews Hotels reaped the benefits of a rebounding lodging market this past quarter and year. For both periods, average room rates and occupancy rates were higher relative to the previous year. The Company's result would have improved even more dramatically year over year had it not been for the extreme hurricane season that disrupted traffic through its Florida hotel and inflicted a fair amount of property damage. Loews Hotels estimates that it lost roughly $5.6 million as a result of the late thunderstorms, while the rate of repair costs amounted to roughly $1 million. Nonetheless, results for the fourth quarter and year were strong, and importantly, appear set to continue through '05. As we have announced in late November, we doubled down on our bet in the pipeline sector this year, buying Gulf South Pipeline from Entergy-Koch. As you may have noticed from today's earnings release, we will report our pipeline investments on an aggregated basis, and have renamed the holding company for these assets Boardwalk Pipeline. Although pipeline valuations had expanded significantly since our first foray into the sector almost 2 years ago, we expect our purchase of Gulf South, just like our investment in Texas Gas Transmission, to generate low double-digit cash-on-cash returns on equity overtime. We believe that the combination of our 2 pipeline systems will provide efficiencies and scale that will contribute to these returns. The performance of Boardwalk Pipeline in '04 reflects the results for Texas Gas for the full year '04 and the results of Gulf South during the last few days of the year that we owned it. Texas Gas was able to increase its revenues in the fourth quarter and for the year, a significant feat in light of the fact that '03 was one of its best years ever. Income was slightly lower for the quarter, in part due to certain timing and accrual issues, yet the Company continues to deliver the consistent and significant annual cash flows we expected. In 2004, Texas Gas made approximately $75 million in distribution to Loews. This was substantially more than the net earnings it recorded, and was possible because of the favorable tax structure under which Loews acquired the Company. We anticipate the same to apply to Gulf South, which was purchased under similar tax conditions. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will review our financial results. You talking about -- It's primarily at the CNA level. Loews-- at the Loews Corporation level has about $2.2 billion in cash and we also have about $2.4 billion in December. My pleasure. Okay. The Lorillard cash is about $1.7 billion. And the Board of Diamond decided -- and this was before Marc Edwards came in, but the Board of Diamond decided that the stock was, as we say, too damn low, and just thought that it was a great opportunity to make a purchase, to take a stand, and to say that the stock was at a very attractive valuation. Do we have what kind of land? On the sum of the parts? Thank you. Good to be here. By the way, this is Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney. I think I'm the first Operator who got the name right. So, on Boardwalk, no, Loews doesn't have to take any write-downs. On CNA, the dividend last year was at a $0.20 per quarter rate and the year before that it was at a $0.15 per quarter rate. And what was the question about Diamond again? No, we don't have those numbers. We are buying specifically the producing assets and not the corporation, so you'd have to get that from Dominion. You know, Bob, I don't know. But the thing I do know is that over the past 15 years or so at least we have had cash balances of $2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion, $5 billion or $6 billion. We never worried about spending it. but lo and behold we -- the incoming cash that we had coming into Loews was spent either buying businesses or buying our shares or supplying capital at attractive returns to the businesses that we own. So somehow or other we are able to find investments to make. And the thing that is driving us though is, like I said in my prepared remarks, we find it is much better to raise capital when the rates are attractive rather than to raise it when you need it. When you need it the debt or the equity capital can be very, very expensive. An awful lot. Michael, I am pleased to say that we don't make forecasts for our business, so I can't really respond to you. What we talk about more than earnings is value. And we talk about that over three to five years and let me just say I would be disappointed if the value of Loews did not increase significantly over that time period. Well, previously, I said that I rarely say never and I'm not going to say never about getting into the international tobacco business but I would say that it is not high on our radar list at all. From Diamond to Loews? Thank you. No. It's primarily cash and government bonds. My pleasure. One other thing I want to add back to the question about production volumes. The volumes I gave you were before consideration of the VPPs and the VPPs, which are volume production payments, the numbers after the VPPs would have been 26 billion cubic feet for the quarter and 51.7 billion cubic feet for the year-to-date. I think it is in runoff mode. It is going to go on for a long time and anyone who, God forbid, comes down with mesothelioma will be contacted by a plaintiff's attorney and a lot of those people do sue and they sue anyone and everyone. But I think that the major fighting and class-action litigation I think is behind us and I think that there have been a number of heroes who have done a very good job of exposing some of the tricks and chicanery of the trial bar and made the judges and the judiciary much more aware of what can go on in some of this type of litigation. Okay. So, when CNA got in trouble in '74, '75, it had actually strayed away from what it knew best, which was insurance, and decided they were going to become a conglomerate. They got into consumer finance. They got into dental supply. They got into home building. They got into cable television, when it was a lousy business, and nuclear fuel leasing. And, in fact, it was all those extraneous businesses that really did them in and gave them so much trouble. As for me, I'm -- concerning CNA and its investments, I'm looking forward to interest rates going up. CNA has two different portfolios. It has an unmatched portfolio, which is the portfolio for its bread-and-butter property and casualty reserves. That portfolio has a duration of about four years, so it's running off really quickly, and so, an increase in interest rates will help that business. And then it has its matched portfolio, which represents about 30% of the assets, which is matched against specific liabilities that -- and that -- those businesses that have the matched portfolio have cash coming into it that has to be invested. So, to the extent that interest rates go up, we'll be able to invest at higher and higher yields. Yes, over the short term, mark-to-market book value will possibly decline, but I think an increase in interest rates will lead to higher income, and I think investors will appreciate that more than they penalize the Company for the decline in book value. So, yes, we do have a lot of natural gas liquids, we have seen a tremendous change in the market for natural gas liquids. As ethylene crackers are being -- are on the drawing board and ready for construction, I have seen plans for some people to export LPG, there's just an awful lot that is going on in the natural gas liquids market in order -- number one, for consumers to make use of this very attractively priced byproduct or else for it to be exported. Like I said, I think the industry is still declining. I think day rates can continue to go down for a while. Certainly oil companies are not anxious about drilling now, combined with the fact that there continue to be new rigs that are entering the fleet, rigs that had been ordered 2, 2.5 and 3 years ago. So there is more supply coming onto the market in an environment where oil companies are stepping back. That says to me that day rates can continue to move down. But oil at $40-$50, or in my opinion $60 a barrel is not what I would call a steady-state price for oil. I think it has to be -- my guess is it has to be somewhere between $70 and $90 per barrel and my guess is that, as they say, in the fullness of time, once we get to -- when and if we get to those prices and some stability returns to the oil market, I think that utilization will start to increase. Like I said, I don't know the timing, but I certainly believe that it will happen. The other thing that the oil industry overall has going for it is depletion. The world today produces about 95 million barrels a day of oil and the estimates are that growth in demand is about 1 million barrels per day every year. So that means that next year, instead of demand being 95 million barrels, demand will be 96 million barrels a day. But that doesn't mean that the industry has to find an additional 1 million barrels a day. What it means in fact is the industry probably has to find 6 million barrels a day because, in the course of a year if no exploration is done, productive capacity worldwide will drop from 95 million to 90 million. So the industry needs to find the 5 million just to make up for what was depleted and then find an additional 1 million barrels of capacity. My sense is that at the price that we have for oil today we are not replacing all the oil that is depleting. And so, my guess is over the next few years, if prices stay down here, we will start to see declines in productive capability. Okay. Hold on one second. We're just looking up the answer. That was from 2010 until the third quarter of 2012. So that was -- in addition to the $6 billion of commitments and capital spending that our subsidiaries have made and that we helped to finance in some cases, Loews has also spent $1.2 billion buying in its own shares. As far as the IRS is concerned these two steps will be deemed to have been done basically simultaneously. It's a process that will occur over a number of years. And it's a process, first of all, because in terms of demand for natural gas it will take time for people to make the capital equipment changes that they need to make in order to be able to consume natural gas in trucks and trains and even in the oil patch. Likewise, for supply of natural gas, my guess is that there is still some small amount of drilling that is going on for dry gas. There are a lot of reasons for that, such as people trying to hold property by production and the like. But over time, if gas prices stay down here, my guess is that a lot of that gas -- a lot of that drilling will stop. Which seems, for example, over the past few weeks a number of producers in the Haynesville say that they are laying down their rigs and they are not going to start to drill for dry gas there again until prices get to somewhere between $4.00 and $4.50 per Mcf. The Haynesville, going back a year or two, was one of the most prolific and the most profitable areas to produce natural gas. So we are seeing in terms of producer plans to drill for dry gas that they are no longer drilling or they are planning not to drill and that they are going to wait a good, long time until prices get back to reasonable levels so they can earn a rate of return on their investment. Now, that is different than drilling for wet gas. With wet gas, not only do you get dry natural gas, but you also get natural gas liquids. And natural gas liquids to a large extent are priced off of oil. So oftentimes people can drill for wet gas, which can represent 30% or 40% of the BTUs produced; but since the wet gas, propane -- since the wet gas constituents, the liquids, of propane, butane, isobutane, natural gasoline, and a few others, since those are priced off of oil, then in essence the producer doesn't really care so much about the price of natural gas, because the price of liquids so dramatically outweighs the value of the natural gas that is being produced. Let me talk about Boardwalk Pipelines first. Listen, I like that investment a lot. As you know, we made a $700 million investment in it. We stand ready to make additional investments in it, should we feel that the opportunity is there. Boardwalk has $4.5 billion of projects that it embarked on starting about a year and a half ago. We are just about halfway through that construction process and should be pretty much done by the first quarter of next year. Those projects in total will yield -- should yield very good returns for Boardwalk that should be accretive for it, so I am positive on the company. The company also announced either Friday or today, that it is expanding its capacity on its biggest line, its gulf crossing line that goes east from Texas, bringing out Barnett shale gas. We were able to get a very significant increase in revenues as a result of that contract that we signed. So that really proved to me that the demand is there for the pipes that we are building. The other good news is that there is a very, very significant increase in the cost of building new pipelines. So that means that the lines that we have should be all the more valuable because they are new lines and they can compete with anything that anybody else can build, and if they bill a line today my guess is the rate that they will have to charge to carry gas would be -- has to be anywhere between 50% to 100% higher than what we were charging for just a year and a half or two years ago. So all in all, that makes me very bullish about Boardwalk and its future. Excuse me. I pulled the wrong line. David, I can't talk specifically about what the valuation is, because we are still subject to a confidentiality agreement. Let me just say, though, that we bought this pipeline within the context of the valuations for other pipelines that have traded hands recently, and, as I said in my prepared remarks, what is more important to me than multiple of EBITDA is what is the after-tax cash-on-cash return that we're going to get on our equity investment? And, as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect that to be in the low double-digit levels, which is similar to what we expected originally from Texas Gas. This was a terrific rig. Is terrific rig. As I said in my remarks, if you had ordered it last year, chances are you would pay $750 million for the rig. We were able to buy it for $460 million, and we're not going to have to wait a long time to put it to work. If you ordered it last year at $750 million, you have to wait three years to actually get it on the payroll with a customer because it takes so long to build. So we just view this as a very attractive purchase for Diamond. In terms of what conclusions can you draw about the shape of what's going on in the offshore drilling business and in the world, it shows what happens, number one, when people are overlevered. This was an auction of the rig by the yard because they were not paid by the owner of the rig. And in terms of the world, I think it reflects the fact that people are somewhat concerned that oil prices are down. Now, it all matters on your perspective. Oil prices are down from $140, down by 50%, but they are up by 100% from $35 a barrel I guess the first quarter of this year. I don't have a forecast of where oil prices are going, but at today's prices of $70 a barrel, my guess is that drilling is still very economic for the major oil companies. So we're looking forward to operating the rig at attractive day rates. Thank you, Darren, and good morning and thanks for joining us on the call today. Loews reported net income of $162 million for this year's third quarter compared to $36 million for the third quarter of 2010. Results for the prior-year quarter included a $328 million after-tax charge related to CNA's agreement to cede its legacy asbestos and pollution liabilities to a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. Excluding that charge, net income for the quarter decreased by $202 million versus the prior-year quarter, primarily from three factors -- one, decreased limited partnership investment results at CNA; two, lower performance of equity-based investments in the Loews Holding Company's portfolio; and, three, higher natural catastrophe losses at CNA. Setting aside these factors, our subsidiaries delivered solid performance in their operations. At CNA, the growth strategies that have been put in place are resulting in continued improvements in the fundamentals of its core property and casualty operations. Increased net written premiums marked the third consecutive quarter of top-line growth, which was driven by strong new business and high retention. Along with this growth trend, CNA continued to achieve great improvement, particularly in its commercial segment. Third quarter combined ratios before catastrophes and development improved for both specialty and commercial, while the property and casualty business segment benefited from its 19th consecutive quarter of favorable loss reserve development. CNA remains confident in the overall adequacy of its reserves and will continue to maintain its disciplined reserving processes. Despite to the good operating performance in its property and casualty operations, CNA's results were negatively impacted by the performance of its limited partnership investments. LP lawsuits were driven by negative equity market returns during the quarter combined with widening credit spreads and overall capital market volatility. Although CNA's portfolio of limited partnership investments can create earnings volatility, it continues to be an attractive investment strategy for CNA. These holdings have yielded equity-like returns over the years with less volatility and higher absolute returns than an equity portfolio. Given the LP results for the quarter, it might be helpful to review how these LP investments have performed over a longer time frame by repeating some performance figures that CNA disclosed on its call earlier today. CNA's LP portfolio produced a third quarter return of negative 3.7%, while the S&P 500 total return was negative 13.9%. Over the last 10 years, CNA's LP investments produced an annualized return of approximately 8% compared to a 3% total return for the S&P 500. So, as you can see, over the longer term the hedge fund portfolio has provided good returns, especially in light of the prevailing low yields in other asset classes. Turning now to Boardwalk, with Stan Horton on board as CEO for about two quarters now, Boardwalk is in full growth mode. Last quarter, Boardwalk enumerated a growth strategy that included expanding its existing pipeline assets to connect to new supplies and markets. To reach the Gulf, Boardwalk announced that it has formed a joint venture with an affiliate of its general partner which is owned by Loews. The new JV has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Petal Gas Storage and Hattiesburg Gas Storage from Enterprise Product Partners for $550 million. Petal and Hattiesburg operate 7 high deliverability salt dome natural gas storage caverns located in Mississippi. These assets are a great addition to Boardwalk's pipeline footprint. The facilities are anchored by a long-term firm agreement with approximately 80% of the existing customer base in either electric or natural gas utilities. The location and type of storage assets are very desirable, and when combined with existing assets, Boardwalk expects numerous opportunities for synergies and growth. Loews will contribute $280 million of the joint venture's equity for an 80% ownership interest, and Boardwalk will contribute $70 million for 20% ownership. An additional $200 million will be raised by the JV through a 5-year bank loan. At a later date, if it makes economic sense, Loews's 80% ownership interest can be dropped down to Boardwalk in one or more transaction. Within its field services business, Boardwalk has also announced a new gathering pipeline in the Marcellus Shale. This new project is expected to cost approximately $90 million and will be built out over several years. It is anchored by a 15-year fee-based contract with Southwestern Energy. Marcellus is likely to become a very significant supply basin for the United States, and Boardwalk hopes to identify and execute on the additional opportunities in the Marcellus area in the future. Additionally, Boardwalk has received regulatory approval to turn some of its assets in South Texas into a rich gas system in order to transport liquids-rich natural gas out of the Eagle Ford region. The project is expected to be completed by year end. And, while Boardwalk does not have any firm commitments, it receives interest from the producer community. Boardwalk's goal over the next several years is to strengthen its traditional pipeline business while diversifying its products and services. Boardwalk is working hard to identify organic growth opportunities and other acquisition opportunities that are accretive and that do not significantly increase its overall risk profile. Turning now to HighMount, I would like to give an update on its most recent acquisition. As of today, HighMount has completed the purchase of working interest in oil and gas properties located on approximately 70,000 net acres in Oklahoma. These properties are mostly undeveloped, and HighMount believes that they contain primarily oil and liquids reserves that can be produced through horizontal drilling. The purchase price of $106 million was funded with a capital contribution from Loews. There are a few key points to the investment rationale. First, we believe there is a large upside potential in this oil resources play. HighMount will be able to drill nearly 600 wells, which should have favorable single-well economics. Second, the resource opportunity will focus on the Mississippian Lime and the Woodford Shale. The Mississippi Lime has been recently de-risked by development on and surrounding properties. Third, while we remain bullish on natural gas over the longer-term, these properties should help to diversify unannounced reserves, which consist almost entirely of natural gas and liquids. And fourth, HighMount will control operations over 82% of the leasehold, and the continuous makeup of the acreage creates operational efficiencies. The resource opportunity fits well with HighMount's core technical competencies. Although this acquisition is not a game changer in terms of its magnitude, it is a significant step in HighMount's overall growth strategy. HighMount will continue to look for other value-creating opportunities. And with that I will now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Let me just say this, we never say never to anything. So, we just look at what is going on, we assess our portfolio. We assess the prospects for the business. We assess the other calls for our cash. There is an awful lot that goes into the assessment and, like I said, we never say never. No, but at this rate, it will be zero eventually. What block sale? Well, that's up to the Board of Directors of Loews. But what we've said previously is that the Board's goal is to pay down the notional debt of Carolina Group which currently stands at $1.5 billion, and then once that's paid down then all the cash flow that the Carolina Group receives from Lorillard could conceivably be paid in the form of a dividend. Yes. Well, I don't think that you will see us going into another energy business. Each of our three energy subsidiaries can and will make investments in the industry, but you won't see Loews buying another investment -- making another major investment in a standalone energy company. You won't see us investing in fashion businesses or technology businesses. You won't see us investing in businesses where one bad CEO can lead you to ruin. We look across a wide spectrum. We don't have a focus on any one industry other than as I said, we won't look at energy, technology or fashion. Well, Boardwalk only builds lines when it has commitments that allow it to earn an attractive return on its capital. And if you noticed in fact the last two acquisitions that Boardwalk has made have been in the area of storage, specifically for salt domes to store natural gas and also to store natural gas liquids. That is number one. And number two, if it stayed at $5.99 that would really be in defiance of the forward curve which shows -- The conversion price is going to be equal to the share price of CNA stock for the five days immediately following the release of the 10Q. So it's going to be an averaging process. There were a number of reasons. I think that yes we could have bought more stocks. But on the other hand, I think it was very difficult to buy businesses. Number one, because things were moving so quickly that even if you had made an agreement to buy something by the time it was time to close it the values would have moved up and the deal never would have closed. That's number one. Number two, the future was dramatically uncertain. In 2006, 2007, we all thought we could clearly see what the future was. We were wrong, but we thought we had a clear vision. By the time, the second half of 2008 and 2009 came around, and even today, we have -- we are much more humbled about the clarity of the vision for the future and -- so that just makes it. Back then in 2009, it was especially difficult to make an acquisition because -- of a business, because you didn't know what the future was going to be and it still makes it difficult today. One thing that's important to understand about us is that oftentimes I will say that Loews is a public-private equity company because we do have characteristics of private equity firms. But one place where we are decidedly different or two places where we are decidedly different is that number one, when we buy businesses, we're not thinking about exiting them. We're thinking about being long-term owners of those businesses. But secondly, private equity firms are happy to lever up their portfolio companies and in essence, suck cash out of them. And if they go bad along the way, so be it. They'll take their loss and the bondholders will take their loss. We're not looking to do that. When we buy a business, it is our intent to hold it for the long term and while we don't guarantee the debt of any of our subsidiaries, it's our hope and expectation that they will, number one, definitely not go bankrupt and number two, not be below investment grade issuers. I would say been there, done that, got the T-shirt. We were in the E&P business and we have no desire to go back in. We are very happy with our two energy subsidiaries, Boardwalk and Diamond. For the most part they are capable of financing themselves. If for some reason one or both might need some financing we would seriously consider it. But those two companies going forward are going to be our exposure to energy. And in particular with respect to Boardwalk, it tends not to move on the base -- its business isn't affected based upon the price of the commodity that it is transporting. But unlike Boardwalk, Diamond Offshore, as we all will know, can move dramatically based on the price of oil. So to the extent that the oil market is going to recover, I strongly believe that we will benefit from that through improvements in Diamond's business and hopefully its stock price. I would just tell you that it's a large institutional investor that wants to have exposure to not only Real Estate but the hotel market, but I don't want to go into what the economics of the transaction are. I don't know. But what I would say, is that if you look at the world of MLPs, there are a number of general partnerships that do trade, so that you can look at the valuations of those general partnerships and the multiple that those general partnerships trade at, and then you can get some sense of what you think the general partnership interest that Loews has in Boardwalk Pipelines is worth. Sometimes the wheels of justice move very slowly. No, that's right. There is nothing in specific. But in general, I'm very positive about his leadership. My forecast takes all of that and more into account. No, but I will know it when I see it. Good morning, Andy. Marty, I have it. $8.2 million in the quarter. It almost sounds like a (inaudible) question. I landed in Houston -- sorry -- I landed in New Orleans for some meetings that I had there and as I was getting into the car, the driver opened -- popped open the trunk of the car and I was just about to throw my bags in and there I saw what looked like a big scuba tank and it said propane. And so I asked the driver about it and in fact that was a propane fueled automobile. Now I don't think that growth in natural gas liquids is going to come from Lincoln Town cars running on propane gas but if you read the trade press, you can see that there is a lot of talk about LNG for trucks and as well for locomotives. My guess is that is where the growth is going to come from as well as from inner-city delivery trucks that are -- work the streets during the day and come back to a garage at night. So I am a believer that we are going to see significant increases in demand for our natural gas and I also think that significant demand increase is going to come from the exportation of natural gas which should begin in the next two, three, or four years. That's not a hedge then. That's a sale. Okay. I hear you. It's really a benefit to us because we can invest the equity capital that's needed to build hotels and then once they have been built we can sell off a significant portion of it to investors. We can react to any situation that presents itself so that we can economically grow our business. So at Loews Corporation, we are willing to continue using the cash that we have to help grow our hotel business and what we do for each project is we make sure that the economics to those transactions look promising and if they do, we are happy to invest in them. Good morning. The double-digits are based on cost. Market prices will vary and from one quarter to the other, we may have a loss in these securities. I told you, they are not for the faint of heart. But we believe that we've done our analysis and we believe that based on our ability to hold these securities, that they will generate very attractive returns for us. I know that the term subprime is a word that causes fear in the hearts of the most hardened investors. But you can be sure that we've done our work and our analysis in going into these securities. Yes. I agree with you; ultimately, they will be moving back up. That is a decision for the Board of Boardwalk and I don't think that they are thinking right now about when the dividend is going to move up. They are going to -- as any Board would do, they are going to look each quarter at the finances of the Company, at the prospects, at the list of investments they have, at the market price for Boardwalk shares, and they will make their decision accordingly. Right. Treasury and common stocks. So historically, we have -- credit quality has not been a problem for us at Boardwalk that all of our customers have generally paid on time and that has not been an issue for us. So it is something that we tend not to worry about too much. Yes. You don't have to put the gun to my head. We're derisking. There really hasn't been a change. We have one brand, which is the Loews Hotels brand and there's been no change in the way we promote that brand or our individual hotels. Good morning. Thank you. Let me just say -- one other thing I want to say. I want to add something to my remarks, even though there is no question. And that is the issue relating to the FASB and these new accounting rules for insurance companies. They will make it very difficult for investors to be able to understand what is going on within an insurance company and also what is going on within the insurance industry. If these rules get put in place as proposed by the FASB, it will make it very difficult to compare the numbers from one quarter to another quarter within a company. And that is because the reserves are going to be discounted and the discount rate is going to change every quarter and can change from one line of business to another line of business. So the measures that we use today to look at our insurance profitability will not be used when, as and if these rules are implemented. And likewise, the problem for comparing from one company to another company is that different companies will use different discount rates to compute the present value of their reserves. From my perspective and the perspective of Loews and CNA the current system that we have in place is tried and true and tested. It is conservative because reserves are not discounted, but the system gives us a very good sense of the profitability of the company as well as the financial standing of the company. So it is really unclear to us why the FASB wants to tinker with these rules in the first place, but that is what they are doing. Let me turn the call back to Jackie. Maybe yes, maybe no. Investment bankers would love for us to do it because it generates lots of fees. We look at it from time to time but the only way we would do it is if, number one, it creates value for Loews' shareholders. And number two, if it's a transaction that is also of value to whoever will be buying this paper. And right now, we have not convinced ourselves of either one of those two facts. So, we've done nothing. Thank you. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. No. Then I'd have to pay you a lobbying fee. So HighMount has significant forward sales of natural gas that are treated as hedge transactions. I think it's hedged -- is it -- Dennis is it 70% of -- it's about 70% of '08 or '09? I'm hopeful that it will be in '07, but I have no way of knowing. Again we are not looking to lever up the balance sheet. And like I said, we have got $4.3 billion of cash on the books now. We purchased -- we've spent over $400 million year to date in share repurchases. So we're actually pretty happy with where we are on share repurchases. My pleasure. We are happy to do bolt-ons. The thing that I just don't see us doing is buying a new stand-alone energy company. As between oil or gas, we're indifferent. Right now, we're right in the gas market through Boardwalk Pipelines. Boardwalk Pipelines also has a growing business in moving natural gas liquids, primarily ethane in what I call, the great industrial swamp land of Louisiana. Well, it comes from a place called Mont Belvieu, which is probably a terrible misnomer. It gives the impression of this beautiful, attractive, idyllic place, but I'm sure it's just refinery after refinery. But what can I say, but as between oil and gas, we're indifferent. What we do is, we're constantly looking at rates of return that can be had in each business. We've become spoiled in Boardwalk because in Boardwalk we're able to achieve -- we have been able to achieve on many projects double digit rates of return with creditworthy counterparties for 10 years. So, that rate of return helps us think through what are the rates of return that we'd be satisfied with in the offshore drilling business, especially today, where there is the enormous oversupply of rigs and whereas I described in my remarks, it's going to take multiple years, and possibly a $100-plus-million to bring back a rig. So, we put all that into our -- the calculator in our heads, and collectively think through where can these subsidiaries and Loews achieve the best returns. Oh, yes. So I think these general agreement by those that study the oil markets, be it the AEI, the IEA or private forecasters, this general agreement that oil consumption is going to -- worldwide oil consumption is going to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. So I am not worried about that. And likewise, when we think about -- as I said before, when we think about consumption growing, you have to remember that it is not just 1 million barrels a day of new capacity that you have to add, it is more like 5 million, 6 million or 7 million barrels a day of new capacity that you have to add. So the marketplace, once it reaches an equilibrium, the market price for oil will set to a level that makes it such that enough oil can be found in order to supply the world with what is being demanded. And like I said, my guess is that is somewhere between $75 and $90 a barrel. And my guess is that at those levels offshore drilling would be very attractive for oil companies. I think they've learned lessons. I think there is better data management and analytics. I think big data, over the next decade, is going to be a big factor in the industry, and I think probably the biggest factor is that invisible person in the boardroom, and that invisible person in the boardroom is the shareholder. 20 and 30 years ago, managements didn't focus on the shareholder. The shareholder wasn't represented in the boardroom, and, therefore, managements could do whatever they want. Today, there is no doubt that the shareholder is in the boardroom, that directors, the Chairman of the Board, and the CEO knows and understands that the shareholder is watching. They know that there are activists lurking out there, ready to pounce, and so, I think all of that has done a lot to change behavior and focus managements and boards on share value. Just as we did in the Annual Report. I don't understand the question, because we haven't done anything in either one of those stocks in at least seven or eight months. The valuation has changed dramatically in that time period. So a few years ago, I went on the Board of General Electric and it is a real conglomerate for those that may not have known. And as I thought about it, I decided that there is a broad spectrum of conglomerates with respect to how they are managed and how they are operated. And at one side, one extreme here is General Electric and the other extreme here is Berkshire Hathaway. And as I think about that spectrum, I would say that Loews is right here. General Electric has a phenomenal business model that has served them well for over 100 years. I don't denigrate it in anyway, but I'd say we are different. Whereas they are looking to move people from business to business; they are looking for synergies between their businesses; and there is really central command and control, we are not like that. We are much more like the Buffett model where we buy businesses and we feed them water and nutrients and let them grow and rely on their CEOs to determine -- to develop their strategy with our concurrence to build their business, which is I would say a little bit beyond what -- I don't say this disparagingly at all, but from the outside, the Buffett model looks almost like benign neglect in terms of letting each one of his managers absolutely run their business with no real input from the top. But we are, as I said, we are closer to that end of the spectrum rather than the General Electric end. Like I said, I would rather be lucky than smart. You know me, I never rule anything out. Larry, you want to take a stab at that? So this was just a few data points came together for me and I decided that it was important for people that be thinking about it. Well, we are not in HighMount anymore, so --. But, yes, we did increase the amount of subprime mortgage-backed assets that we have in the CNA portfolio. I think we bought about 163 -- CNA bought about $163 million of Loews types of goods and we expect returns on those anywhere from 10% to 15% over the next few years. As you may or may not know, we tend not to give forecasts on our calls. I don't want to go into any specifics about what we might do in terms of buying back shares of any of our subsidiaries. It was a significant consideration. Based on the price of Boardwalk's shares when we agreed to the acquisition, the deal did not make a lot of economic sense for Boardwalk. And Loews was willing to bridge that acquisition and wait for the Boardwalk price to go higher, which in fact has occurred. And I think that the market is now starting to understand that there are very significant things that are taking place at Boardwalk under Stan Horton. There is the recent gathering system that we announced that we are financing in the Marcellus Shale. There is this Petal and Hattiesburg acquisition, and likewise there is the permission that we got from regulatory authorities to convert some of our pipeline near the Eagle Ford Shale into wet gas pipelines from dry gas pipeline. So there is a lot of activity, and my sense is that at some point in time the market is going to understand that Boardwalk's price had been very cheap relative to what its prospects were. Bob, you know that we don't talk about share repurchases, so I don't want to -- I don't want to talk about that in any way. That's right, yes. While the markets as we said our pretty strong right now and we're enjoying the benefits of a strong marketplace. Michael, we have always done that but the thing I will also tell you is that we have no plans now to dispose of or distribute any other subsidiaries that we own. I would say that we are primarily a capital allocator, but execution is really important and setting the strategy is really important. And the best example I can think of is Diamond Offshore because at Diamond Offshore we have constantly leaned against the wind, done the thing that the others in the industry didn't do at the time. And as a result, Diamond Offshore has dramatically outperformed its peers in the industry. So for example, first of all, we bought rigs when nobody else wanted to buy rigs in '89 and then '92. And then when -- a decade later when people were building new rigs, we were upgrading rigs. We were able to get the equivalent of a new rig for half the price and half the time. And then when people were still building new rigs, we were paying out special dividends. And in fact, over the past six or seven years, Diamond Offshore, with a stock price of $60 a share last time I looked -- or over the past six or seven years, Diamond Offshore has paid out more than half its stock price in dividends. So Loews got back from Diamond almost $2.5 billion in dividends over that period. And now when the price of newbuilds has come down, ticked down, we have announced the purchase of four newbuild rigs and we are upgrading another rig. So we are out of step with the industry. I would argue because the industry operates like a little business. When they have money in their pocket, they want to invest it in the newest, biggest and best rigs. When Diamond Offshore has money, it thinks carefully I think because we are there as the majority shareholder, how to spend and invest that cash and get the best returns for its shareholders. And what we tried to do is we tried to do that five times over in all of our subsidiaries to constantly think about what is the strategy that gets them the best return on their investment. And so strategy is really important and capital allocation is really important and in many ways, they are linked together. Yes. That's what we've always done. We've paid our quarterly dividend and then we use the -- first we pay the interest expense, then, on the notional debt, then we pay the dividend, and then whatever cash is left over we use to reduce the notional debt. Over the years, that notional debt has been reduced from $2.5 billion when Carolina Group went public, to now just over $400 million. And what I said was that the notional debt has been reduced in this latest period from just over $800 million to just over $400 million. So we have $400 million more to go before all the cash flow of Carolina Group can be used for only dividends as opposed to dividends and repayment of debt. We have no -- there are no particular sectors that we are looking at right now, nothing that has really caught our fancy. 2003. My pleasure. So actually my comment was pretty consistent with that. I was talking about attractive investments that we're seeing in the bank loan and fixed income markets. And listen, from my own personal point of view, the more equities go down the more attractive they get. So at Loews as the stock market has been going down we've been modestly increasing our exposure to equities. Maybe, a little bit. We are frustrated that prices for businesses seem, to us, relatively high, but I would say that all we have to do is find one and that's what we are doing, we are looking for one, not a whole bunch. So we are constantly sorting through all the different opportunities and looking for the one transaction that will make sense for us. I know, but I am more concerned about interest rates than I am inflation. Thank you. So far so good. Bob, we don't have that right now. There's a lot going on in it. I think those folks from BlackRock actually said it pretty good. Many things that we have seen have traded at very significant prices. I think that is because many of the private equity firms are hungry to invest what funds they have, and so we have seen prices at relatively high levels. That, combined with the fact that the financing markets, both the bank market as well as the high yield market, have also improved rather significantly. It means that private equity funds can pay pretty high prices. Combined with the fact that there are really aren't a lot of transactions that are taking place. Overall, I would say that prices are pretty high. Well, we have treasury bills and government REPO's and short-term investments of about $1.8 billion. Yes. No. Then I'd have to pay you a lobbying fee. We have positions that are larger than that, but we manage our exposure by being short some S&P futures in order to minimize the impact of our equities. In the meantime, though, we spent $1.3 billion repurchasing our own shares. So that was a significant use of our cash over 2015. We are looking to grow Loews Hotels. We are looking to do it in what I would call an asset-light manner in that we would like to own 25% to 50% of the properties that we acquire with investors owning the other 50% to 75%. We would like to build the hotel chain into one where hotel owners would want us to manage the hotel without actually owning it. In terms of earnings and EBITDA, we would be looking for that to grow and we are looking to take the hotel company from an enterprise that has been rather stable over the past decade or so to one that has got growth in its future. My pleasure. Well, let's compare to now versus the past. Rather than just a year ago because now an awful lot of stuff is very well picked over and very competitive. But we believe that the world is cyclical and when we got into the offshore drilling business nobody was competing with us. When we got into the shipping business nobody was competing with us. Even when we got into Texas Gas there wasn't significant competition. So there are times to buy and now times just to hold your powder and be prepared for the day when opportunities come along. And it only takes, it really only takes one opportunity to make a significant change and we don't feel the pressure to invest the cash. We like having it because as by having that cash it gives us the ability to take advantage of opportunities when they come along. No. It's primarily cash and government bonds. It still comes with a warning don't try this at home. We are always looking. The issue right now though, I believe, is exactly what's going to happen in the economy. My guess is that the economy is going to be very sluggish for a long time. Maybe on the order of, if we're lucky, 1% to 2% growth. And I don't see this as a typical recession. And I don't see this as a period where we're going to have 4% to 6% growth for the next year or so. I think it will be very sluggish. And I think that additional taxes and mandates will just be additional headwinds for the economy. You know, over the years we have said that we would support our subsidiaries. And right now, what we're finding is that we are able to support them with -- by helping them to finance transactions that should be very accretive to shareholder value, not only at the subsidiaries but also at Loews. So we are very pleased with the Petal and Hattiesburg acquisition. At Boardwalk and likewise, we are very pleased with the $106 million land acquisition that HighMount is making just today in Oklahoma. Good morning. For CNA, yes. That's still my answer. Good morning. Yes. I think my guess is that gas has overshot its equilibrium price. There's a lot of drilling going on right now, there's a lot of excitement. But the interesting thing is that very few producers of gas are doing so on a cash flow positive basis. They are all borrowing significant amounts of money, raising equity, borrowing debt from banks or from the marketplace. And they're also using OPM, other people's money. And my guess is that a lot of the people that are investing now are going to be very sorry about those investments. The first thing they teach you in economics in college, the introductory course, is that economics is the allocation of scarce resources among unlimited human wants. The second thing they teach you is what has to happen, happens. And my guess is that we are going to see a number of drilling rigs start to decline over the next six months, unless gas prices go up significantly, because that $4.50 per MCF -- I just don't think that the arithmetic works out for a lot of people. So I think that we're going to see reduced gas production. I think there's also a good chance that we see significant increased gas consumption. And the reason for that is that a BTU of gas trades for about one third of the price -- one third of the cost of a BTU of oil. And so I think that the supply/demand curves are both moving in the right direction, and combined with that, the gas industry is an enormous industry, and there's just a lot of opportunities and deal flow not only for companies but also for land and reserves. So there should be opportunities in the future for us. Yes. We're pretty pleased with the positioning of all of our hotels within our portfolio. I can't give you any specific industries, per se. What I can do is tell you what I think that we bring to the party when we acquire a company. When we acquire a business, we look at the business from a very neutral perspective. We look at it from the perspective of the only thing we're looking to do is to maximize the value of that business over the intermediate to long term. We think carefully about strategy and the strategy that the management of the acquired company sets out for their business. We challenge them on that strategy, and then we are closely involved in the allocation of capital and the capital spending and the investment within the business. And we like to think that that disciplined look at strategy and capital allocation yields results for all the shareholders that are beneficial over the long term. That's correct. I would say all of the above. We -- the CNA Board will do whatever is in the best interests of CNA. And I know that the Board would like to pay that off as rapidly as possible, because once that is paid off, then that removes an impediment to paying common dividends to CNA shareholders. 73 -- That's correct. Good morning. I think this is Boardwalk specific. You're asking about what's going on in the Boardwalk board meetings. I am not a board member there and I think you should ask the management of Boardwalk that. We are always looking to do that, but right now I can't love a child that I haven't yet adopted. (multiple speakers) our internal projections show that it has both. It has a reasonably good cash flow for the joint venture or whoever the ultimate owner is and, as well, it should have reasonably similar GAAP results. The other thing that it does is that it provides a very strong anchor for one end of our system, where -- one end of the Boardwalk system, where electric and gas utilities will find it very advantageous to use that storage, which is high-release storage, so that they can get the gas that they need for, in the case of utilities, hot days and -- in the case of electric utilities hot days, and in the case of gas utilities, very cold days. Like everybody else, it is really tough., With respect to stocks, they are high. Although as I'm sure you know, when you parse through the indices you see that there are some stocks making new highs, but there also are a lot of stocks that are well below their highs and well below their longer-term -- or their intermediate-term moving averages. So the guys in our -- that are managing our equity portfolio are still finding opportunities in which to invest. In terms of fixed income, I would say that generally we are decidedly bearish about interest rates and we are generally pretty bearish about most of the markets within the interest rate market. For example, investment grade bonds and below investment grade bonds we are not excited at all about that. We think that interest rates on these securities should be higher as should interest rates on government bonds and it is our guess that over time that will in fact happen. So, right now for CNA we are generally keeping our fixed income portfolio in our non-matched accounts as short as we can. We are playing the roll down in yields. And we're actually hoping for a time when interest rates go higher and when we can get excited about investing in fixed income. So offshore production is about 20 million barrels a day and it is a very important part of total worldwide oil production. Shale production is probably under 5 million barrels a day, so shale production just cannot make up for the production that takes place offshore. That's number one. Number two, when you look at breakeven rates you see that offshore oil drilling in many theaters is very competitive with the economics of shale production. So there's no doubt in my mind that moving forward we'll continue to see shale drilling and shale production and we'll continue to see offshore drilling and offshore production. Let me try to explain. Natural gas at Henry Hub trades for the equivalent of about $20 per barrel of oil. So it's trading at less than 25% on a BTU basis of WTI and it's trading at less than 20% of oil value for Brent, which is another major index for oil. You talked about liquefying. Generally the only time -- there are only two times when you would liquefy natural gas. To liquefy natural gas, you have to cool it down to minus 250 degrees or so and you do that in order to ship natural gas to export markets. There is currently a debate going on in Washington and within the energy community about whether or not the United States should allow natural gas to be exported. And that debate will play out I believe over the coming year. Currently I think one license has been granted and others are pending. That could increase the demand for natural gas by a few billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. Those contracts generally will not kick in until three or four years from now because there are developers that have to put in the substantial capital necessary in order to build the export facilities. The other place where liquefied natural gas or LNG may be used is for over the road trucks and locomotives on railroads. That is something that is currently being tested and experimented with and it's my guess that similar to the export of LNG, that's something that will start to be more prevalent in the marketplace in the next two to three years. My guess is that at first the LNG as a motor fuel will not make a significant difference in daily production of natural gas but over time -- say over the next five to 10 years, it could actually be a very significant factor for demand. We will only know that in the next five to 10 years when we see what the price of natural gas is compared to the price for oil, so we've got to stay tuned for that. In Loews Corp.? 80% of Henry Hub. Absolutely not. No. This is not up to the family. This is up to the Board. Good morning, David. I am. I'm doing better than a stopped clock. No. Thank you, Josh, and thank you for the rousing round of applause. It warms my heart. Good morning. It's nice to be here today. But before we start, I want to pass on a message from our lawyers. And if you took the Evelyn Woods speed-reading course, you should be done with it by now. So now, we can actually get started. One year ago at this conference, I began with a brazen declaration that Loews was the cheapest stock that I knew. Since then, the price of Loews stock has increased significantly, partly reflecting the higher -- since then, the stock of the price has increased significantly, partly reflecting the higher stock prices of our public subsidiaries and partly because Loews stock now trades at a smaller discount to its sum-of-the-parts valuation. While I'm pleased to see a higher value attributed to our assets, I'd like to take the next 20 minutes or so to present the evidence that Loews still represents a compelling value. Let me start by giving you a brief overview of our Company. Loews is a diversified holding company, and as such, we do not directly create or sell any products or services. We leave it up to the first-rate management teams at our subsidiaries to run their respective businesses with an eye towards sustainable value creation. At Loews, my colleagues and I focus each and every day on managing and allocating capital, maximizing the body of each of our subsidiaries, and making timely acquisitions and investments. All of these actions are pursued with the overarching goal of achieving superior long-term price appreciation for holders of Loews common stock. Our holding company structure, combined with our value investment philosophy, allows us to take actions and to pursue strategies that our subsidiaries and most equity investors just could not undertake by themselves. For over 50 years, Loews has been very successful at creating value for its shareholders, and that is the topic that I want to focus on today. Before going any further, let me quickly review our subsidiary companies. We own a controlling interest in three publicly-traded subsidiaries. We own 90% of CNA Financial, one of the country's leading commercial property and casualty insurance underwriters. We own just over half of offshore driller Diamond Offshore and we own 66% of Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, a natural gas interstate pipeline and storage company. Boardwalk is a master limited partnership, and our ownership stake also includes 100% of the general partner. We also have two wholly-owned subsidiaries, our natural gas exploration and production company, HighMount, and our luxury lodging business, Loews Hotels. Additionally, at the holding company, we maintain a portfolio of cash and investments that stood at approximately $4.6 billion, or more than $11 per Loews share, at the end of the first quarter. This portfolio is substantially liquid and readily accessible. We have and exercise the freedom and flexibility to pursue acquisitions wherever we find the opportunity, regardless of the industry or the form of value creation. The key attribute shared across all of our investments and acquisitions over the years is that we saw each as representing attractive value for Loews shareholders at the time that we acquired the business. While our structure seems perfectly logical to us, I can understand how our mix of businesses makes it difficult for some people to categorize us. So, how should you think about Loews? As I've said before, I view Loews as a 21st-century version of the old-fashioned conglomerate. The holding company, or conglomerate structure, has been both in and out of favor over the years, but we see it as a major operational and financial strength. We have large and diverse sources of cash flow and earnings, and we have the freedom to make acquisitions or investments in any industry where we find value without fear of looking different than a particular peer group. Those of us in the Loews holding company management are perfectly comfortable looking across a broad landscape of industries to identify those that we consider most promising. We are under no pressure to make investments, unlike private equity firms, and we have no mandate to take profits by selling businesses or investments. Our investment time horizon is dictated by us alone, and in fact, we look to buy companies that we think we could own forever. One drawback that we face, however, is that Loews does not really fit into a standard industry category within most investment research departments. Lacking a defined label, we are rarely covered and sometimes misunderstood or considered difficult to analyze. But our structure is actually quite transparent and straightforward, despite our having subsidiaries in disparate industries. Our public subsidiaries provide abundant disclosure and are covered by research analysts. Our cash is not difficult to understand, and neither are our two wholly-owned subsidiaries. Christine, I'd prefer to leave that a mystery and not answer that question. That's correct. The reason is that if most of the earnings were -- if most of the distributable cash flow were paid out as distributions, then in order to fund its capital program Boardwalk would have to sell shares at prices that would be very dilutive to the existing shareholders. So instead, the Board of Boardwalk has decided not to undergo that dilution, but rather it decided to dramatically reduce the distribution so that these projects could be internally funded, so that the leverage in the company could be brought down, and so that the company would -- and that this strategy would provide the best results for the people that are holding for the intermediate to long term. Can we get back to you a little later on that? As Marc Edwards, our new CEO, said on his inaugural earnings conference call, that dividend really has priority. It's -- I think it's very important. Diamond -- the Board of Diamond recognizes how important it is. I think it's something that really defines Diamond. So, I think before cutting the dividend, the Board would think very long and hard about that. Good morning. No, it -- you are right. It does reflect legacy opportunities that we took advantage of, but for each of those businesses today, we see plenty of opportunities for them and we are very pleased with those businesses. We are not running out the clock on any of those businesses. Each one has their own growth plan, their own capital needs and investment opportunities. Andy, we don't talk about our specific buyback plan. All I was answering was the hypothetical question that yes, we can buy back our shares, whether we do a spin-off or a split-off. And for those that may not know, a split-off is in essence the exchange offer. I'm a little puzzled as to the statement that other companies want to appeal back to the third DCA. I think that may be a misinterpretation of some comments made by RAI. As far as I know, as far as Lorillard's position is concerned, we have received an extension to refile for a rehearing motion before the Florida Supreme Court, it has nothing to do with the third DCA, and we have until next Monday really, August 7, with that extension to determine whether or not we will file for rehearing and that's being considered right now. Beyond filing for the rehearing, any other implications of which court does what is a matter for the Florida Supreme Court to decide so I don't think there's anything specifically automatic about anyone filing anything that has anything to do with the third DCA. With respect to any of -- my statement that I just made before really is relevant as to what I answered before to David's question and that is depending on the status of the legal situation as we go through this process, we will make a determination as to how to deal with these other issues that you're referring to. There really hasn't been a change. We have one brand, which is the Loews Hotels brand and there's been no change in the way we promote that brand or our individual hotels. It is surprisingly small. It is about $150 million maybe. It is not so big. We have had on our gold investments this quarter, this year to date more than 100% rate of return, not annualized, just in the six months, 100% -- greater than 100% rate of return on those gold investments. We don't produce any oil, we produce natural gas liquids, and that's about 500 -- it's about 582,000 barrels for the third quarter, which represents two months. Well, no, no, no. When I talk about shale I'm talking about land drilling. That's right. Plus if you think of it in terms of the mileage that the average MCF of natural gas travels, it is dramatically lower because the natural gas is not coming from Texas up to the Northeast, it is coming from Pennsylvania up to the Northeast. And in fact, the reason that Boardwalk is moving forward with the Bluegrass pipeline project is because it has excess capacity going up to the Northeast. In the Texas gas system we call it a pipeline, but it really has three separate pipes that go from Louisiana up to Ohio. And in the Bluegrass project we are planning to take one of those pipes that formerly carried natural gas and instead we are going to convert it to a pipeline that is capable of carrying natural gas liquids. Those natural gas liquids are currently being produced in the Marcellus shale and there is very limited capacity to take away those natural gas liquids. So what we are trying to do is get commitments from natural gas and NGL producers to haul their natural gas liquids from the Marcellus Shale down through a combination of new pipelines and our existing pipelines to new processing facilities, fractionation facilities in Louisiana. That is a major effort for Boardwalk and, as I said in my remarks, we will have a pretty good sense, I believe, in the first quarter of this year -- of 2014 whether or not this project will move forward. Bob, you know us. Our goal is to increase value for Loews' shareholders, and we will do that if we think it creates value for us. I really don't want to respond to it. We have no interest in selling any of our sharers in Diamond Offshore. As you know, we own just over 70 million shares which is about 54 or 55% of Diamond, and we are positive about the outlook for the business. The earnings estimates on the Street keep going up; they show earnings improvement in '07 and '08 and even into '09. Diamond has annunciated a policy of paying dividends reflective of its financial position and the earnings in the prior year. So we are very pleased to continue owning Diamond Offshore as a source of significant cash flow for the [powering] Company. Bob, before you say anything, I want to give our operator an award. I think that is the first time I have ever heard your name and your firm's name pronounced correctly. Congratulations. Treasury and common stocks. Well, previously, I said that I rarely say never and I'm not going to say never about getting into the international tobacco business but I would say that it is not high on our radar list at all. That's my hope and expectation. No, not at all. Look, revenues are down. When revenues are down, you can't call that a growth industry. But it was never billed as a growth industry. It's cyclical industry. We've come off the peak of the cycle and now the cycle is headed down with price cutting. But nonetheless, CNA was able to earn more than $200 million this quarter. So I am not -- I'm always concerned about all our companies, but I'm not overly concerned about CNA. Thanks, Pete, not only for your report on this quarter's financials but for every report you have delivered over the past 17 years. This is Pete's last time on our call and I want to take a moment to sing his praises. Pete Keegan has played a critical role here at Loews Corporation, and as anyone who has been on these calls with us can confirm, he has played it magnificently. He has contributed significantly to our ability to create value for shareholders by always steering our financial course with a steady and experienced hand. Pete joined Loews in 1997, and I've been lucky enough to work closely with him as our CFO for all that time. I have known him since 1986 when he became the CFO at CBS. All of us at Loews, along with our shareholders, have benefited from his financial expertise, his wisdom, his unflappable demeanor, and his extensive understanding of our businesses. Luckily, we won't have to give up any of that since Pete has agreed to stay on as a senior advisor. That being said, however, next quarter, you listeners will transition from the reassuring bass vocals of Pete Keegan to the mellifluous tones of David Edelson, who we are delighted to remind you will take over as CFO in May. Don't say we didn't warn you. Now I will turn the call over to Mary. No, not at all. Look, I think it can take several years for the offshore drilling industry to improve. My guess is it's still declining. But where our stock is priced is oftentimes different than how an industry is behaving. And we just felt comfortable buying shares when we did. Not yet, no. And at the end of the day, we anticipate that Lorillard will pay the same amount that Altria and Reynolds American pays, so at some point in the future, you would expect the accounting for each of these three companies to be the same. The problem now is that each management has to make an estimate of what they think the actual liability will be, or whether in fact there is any liability at all. So, you see -- what you see are three different estimates from three different companies. Yes, we are very pleased with it. It has delivered exactly what the management had said they would and could deliver a year and a half ago when we first met them. We like the nature of their drilling which is, as we described it, factory drilling. I think they had a 98% or 99% success rate ratio in drilling this past quarter. Reserves have gone up. We are very pleased with what we've got. We feel that we have now a significant base in this business that, if other opportunities come along, we have the management and the knowhow to take advantage of it. So, yes, we are very pleased and are happy to have HighMount as a subsidiary of ours. And it's our expectation that they will pay dividends to their holders including to Loews. Look, each of our subsidiaries are -- their marching orders are to finance their own capital needs, and what happened in '08 were really extraordinary events. And I -- I would expect that only in very, very extraordinary times will the subsidiaries need to come to the parent hat-in-hand looking for financing. Otherwise, for the public subsidiaries, we expect them to finance themselves. Well, Filippe, you've got to be careful. Not only do we have to look at cash, but we also have to look at shareholder's equity. And we always want to run Lorillard so that it has a significant amount of shareholder equity so that it can operate as a strong and solvent Company. No, we have no plans at all. We like to, as I said before, we like to accumulate cash here. We feel very comfortable holding it and using it at an opportune time, but right now, we have no plans for it. I'm going to state a firm and fast rule here. I'm not talking about the disposition of any of our companies. First of all, it it creates rumors, number one. Number two, it is phenomenally disrupting to the people that work at those subsidiaries that are working for all of our shareholders and it is the kind of question that I can't even answer anyway, because if we were considering disposing of it, do you think I would make and announcement on this call to do so? So chalk me up to a no comment to your question. I am hopeful that subsidiary needs from Loews are zero. My guess is it will take prices north of $60 to $65 a barrel. I think we're certainly going to get there. I think that the day that oil ticks at $65 will not be the day that we get calls from our oil company customers. I think oil prices will have to stay there for a reasonable amount of time measured in quarters, maybe in years before you start to see oil companies coming back into the E&P space. But if they want to stay in the oil business, then they -- I truly believe they will have to drill and they will have to drill offshore. And my guess is that that will start to happen in the next two to three years. So, it could be four, five or six years before the market in any way comes back to the market for offshore drilling rigs, the charter market comes back to anywhere near what -- where it was, say two or three years ago. Well, first of all, this dividend reduction is done from a position of strength. The reason that Boardwalk -- the Board of Boardwalk cut the dividend so dramatically is because they wanted to make sure that the Company would have the capital that it needed to finance growth projects for Boardwalk as well as having the ability to bring the debt-to-EBITDA levels down to the 4-to-1 range. So it was really done from the position of strength. It was done with the thought in mind that they want to protect the holders of Boardwalk from dilution that might occur from a reduction in -- a modest reduction in the dividend whereby the Company would have to continue to access the equity markets. And the Board decided that the best way to protect long-term investor value was to make this more draconian cut so that the Company would not have to access nearly as much of the capital markets. You know, the private market can make it happen. If the government gets involved, it might happen three weeks sooner. But beyond that, I think it's going to happen because the economics are just so compelling. You're live, Bob. It all depends, Michael -- it all depends on which pipes you are looking at. It is really a total mixed bag. For LDCs, local distribution companies and municipalities, there might be one rate; for people that are looking to go on the pipeline superhighway, there might be another rate. And it all depends on -- a lot on location where the gas is coming from and where it is going to. As a general rule, as you might expect, for lines coming out of Texas and going up to the Marcellus, subject to whether other lines service -- provide service for where someone specifically wants to go, but the pricing is somewhat weaker than previously because of the increased production in the Marcellus shale that is being consumed in the Northeast. So, as you look out at the United States there are different areas that have different costs of -- different areas have different costs of producing natural gas, different economics. But, generally, we have assumed that after the Marcellus the next area that's going to come on with additional production would be a place like the Haynesville. And Sonora is behind the Haynesville and a few other shales, such that those other areas will probably have to come on first before it is economic for us to drill for natural gas in Sonora. Yes, you could say that. But I would argue that it's beneficial for all shareholders that CNA is able to buy its stock and at a substantial discount to book value. The fact that Loews benefits is, yes, it's an interesting fact, but the point is that all shareholders benefit from that. Yes, I don't want to get into specific industries. So, I'm just going to leave my answer with what I said. Historically, Loews has not been a yield stock. Historically, Loews has carried significant cash balances. The reason we've done that is because it's given us the opportunity to make timely purchases of shares and other businesses. So, for example, because we had cash on our balance sheet, we were able to help CNA when it had a need for capital; we were able to invest in Texas Gas and then in Gulf South pipelines. We put more than $1 billion cash equity into those businesses. We're able to do that all because we have the cash on the balance sheet. That's our philosophy; that's the way we like operating; and that's really how we can sleep well at night. I feel very comfortable with the amount of cash that we have had. We have had more cash in the future. We still stand ready to help Boardwalk should they need help on financing some of their capital projects. But as I said in my comments, Boardwalk now has substantially more internally generated capital that will allow it to finance these projects on its own. The thing that I am not surprised about is that Boardwalk is now seeing lots of opportunities for growth projects along its system, as we see the flow of gas that previously had gone South-to-North now starting to move North-to-South. And so I feel good about the investment prospects for Boardwalk. Or at least a number of quarters. So first of all, the subsidiary always goes first. So if Loews wanted to buy stock and if the Board of Diamond decided it wanted to buy stock, Diamond would go first. This was a decision that was reached by the Board of Directors of Diamond because they felt that the value of the stock -- the price of the stock just did not reflect the value of Diamond Offshore, and thought that that was a good use for the cash of Diamond Offshore. Having said that, the dividends, both regular and special dividends, are a top priority for Diamond. And the Board felt that making these purchases would not interfere with the ability to pay dividends or the ability in the future to possibly buy rig assets in the market. This year is going to be a little different, though, I think. Because come the end of October or even before the end of October, the storage facilities in the United States may be full. And so production will have to decline to meet that end of storage season, and prices will have to decline. But after that, it is unclear what will happen to prices. It's possible that production will have gone down enough that prices could start to accelerate meaningfully. I'd prefer not to. I think I would like to stick with what my formulation has been all long, that being that we expect to achieve from our investments in our natural gas pipelines a low double-digit cash-on-cash return on equity. Texas Gas Transmission did that this past year, paying us about $75 million on an equity investment of a little over $500 million. We have an equity investment in Gulf South of about $550 million. And we still expect to achieve from both companies that low double-digit cash-on-cash return on the equity. Yes. Yes. We expect that we should be able to achieve most of it within the first year. Yes. We'll also have to get back to you on that. You know, I don't understand the valuation of tech companies. At Diamond Offshore, we buy assets that have a 30-year life, and at Boardwalk Pipeline, we build pipelines that can last 50 or 60 years. So, I contrast that with a tech company where the life of a tech -- high-tech product is very short. In fact, somebody said to me the other day, tech product -- high-tech products depreciate at about 1% per week. And it's really the case. And so, I think, all right, why do these high-tech companies have these multiples that are just so high and the companies that we're in have multiples that are so low? The high-tech companies have to constantly re-create themselves, and for sure, there are companies that have done a phenomenal job doing that, such as Apple. But by the same token, I am just much more comfortable in the less glamorous, the less glitzy, the more basic businesses where, when we buy an asset, I have a really good sense of not only will it be of value today, but also will be of value one year, two years, five years, 10 years, and 20 years from now. The case for -- first of all, like they say on TV, do not try this at home. If you're going to invest in the subprime market, you have to have on your staff people who are highly trained in analyzing mortgage-backed securities. It is not for the faint of heart and it is not nor the computer illiterate. It is a very difficult and meticulous craft. And what we have been doing is making very selective investments in specific tranches of subprime CDO's and structured product, with the belief that these investments, which we're making at, say, $0.60 or $0.70 on the dollar, will return our purchase price in full, very possibly will return us par over time. And where, in the meantime, we are collecting close to a double-digit current return, based on interest payments. So --. By the way, this is Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney. I think I'm the first Operator who got the name right. I think we just did that. Go ahead. No, I would not say that our thinking has changed at all. We were able to achieve value for Loews' shareholders through the issuance of Carolina Group's shares just over two years ago. And to the extent that the litigation environment improves, my sense is that Carolina Group shares will go up and Loews shareholders will benefit accordingly. With respect to spin-offs and split-offs and other corporate developments like that, we have no plans. So, as I said in my comments, first of all, everything isn't peaches and cream. We basically had a system that was built to haul gas from the south to the north. That worked well for 50 years. Those pipes are bigger at the south than they are at the north. So, if you want to turn it around and haul gas from the north to the south, you can't haul as much gas because the pipe isn't as big in the north. So, right now, Marcellus gas in some ways is trapped there because there isn't the capacity to move it south. So that's the downside. The upside is, that in my mind, there will be -- as long as we see real growth, this growth of 5% a year, I believe that we will continue to see organic projects to build off of -- to build and expand our system to accommodate all the different users of gas. There are LNG facilities, there are power plants, there are chemical plants, fertilizer plants, all manner of investments that are being made as industrialists understand that the price of natural gas is not a one-off event at $3.00 an MPF, that this is really something they can count on lasting for a long time. So when you say contributions, what do you mean exactly? Okay. The economy is definitely going to drive this story. Definitely. The hotel business is primarily a fixed cost business because you've got to keep the lights on and the restaurants open and you have to keep people at the front desk. But nonetheless, you still have to have a focus on all of your costs. And so, that's exactly what we're doing and my guess is it's what just about every other hotel operator is doing. Yes, let us -- we're just thumbing through our book to get that. Thank you. Thank you, Darren and good morning and thank you for joining us today. Before reviewing our first quarter results, I'd like to give you an update on the progress we are making on our plans to spin off of our ownership in Lorillard to holders of Carolina Group stock and Loews common stock. We are progressing well on this complex transaction. As completion of this proposed transaction is subject to a number of conditions including receipt of a favorable ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, which I'm pleased to report has been received. We also need an opinion of tax counsel, SEC clearance, final approval by the Loews Board and favorable market conditions in order to complete this transaction. We continue to expect that the transaction will be completed in mid-'08. With respect to our first quarter results, as you have seen by now, there were a number of significant items highlighted in the press release that affected the quarter, some positive and some negative. Overall, however, declines in investment income at the parent Company, at Carolina Group and at CNA outweighed the otherwise solid performances of our operating subsidiaries. In the case of Carolina Group, there was a $14 million after tax shortfall in investment income, compared to the prior year, that resulted in a reduction in CG's investment -- that resulted from a reduction in CG's investment partnership interest, a lower average invested asset balance and lower interest rates. This reduction in investment income, along with one-time spinoff expenses, which totaled $8 million after tax, more than makes up for CG's $11 million shortfall in net income compared to last year. In a few moments, Marty Orlowsky will discuss operating results for Lorillard in greater detail but I would just like to briefly note that Lorillard increased its domestic market share from 10.1% to 10.5%. While CNA's net operating income for the quarter comes as a disappointment, the Company is weathering well in a challenging price environment by maintaining its focus on underwriting discipline and expense management. The Company's decline in net operating income resulted primarily from reduced limited partnership investment income compared to last year's first quarter. Peter Keegan will provide some additional details in a few moments. During the quarter, CNA bought in 2.6 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $26.53 per share. This action, along with the payment of a $0.15 quarterly dividend, was possible because of CNA's strong capital position and solid insurance operations. The Company is well-positioned operationally and financially to maintain its strength, despite tough market conditions. Diamond Offshore posted another quarter of record revenues and earnings, reflecting the ongoing worldwide demand for mid-water and deepwater semi-submersible rings. Last week, Diamond took delivery of its new-build jackup rig, the Ocean Shield, which will go to work under contract commitments spanning 17 months. Its sister unit, the Ocean Scepter, is scheduled for completion in approximately five weeks. While a contract has not been announced, Diamond is in the advanced stages of negotiations for an international term job for that rig. The final rig in our new-build and upgrade program is the Ocean Monarch, which is already contracted for four years at an attractive day rate upon its completion later on this year. We are quite pleased with the success of the new-build and upgrade program and its contribution to Diamond's revenue backlog, which currently stands at approximately $10.7 billion. Last week Diamond's Board of Directors declared another special quarterly dividend of $1.25 per share, in addition to the regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share. Together, these dividends represent a cash payment to Loews of almost $100 million per quarter. HighMount Exploration & Production reported good production volumes and increased realized prices. To manage commodity price risk, HighMount had hedges in place at the end of the quarter for 70% of its remaining 2008 projected sales volume and 33% of its '09 projected sales volume. This still allows some latitude to realize value based on the strength in natural gas prices that we have recently seen. The lifeblood of a successful E&P Company is its drilling program. HighMount's drilling program focuses on low risk, long lived natural gas reserves, which we refer to as factory drilling. In the first quarter, HighMount completed 131 gas wells at a 100% success rate. Boardwalk Pipeline had a good first quarter as the Company began to see earnings contributions from the projects such as its East Texas to Mississippi pipeline expansion and the Western Kentucky storage expansion. Earnings for the quarter benefited from strength in gas transportation pricing, higher throughput and a favorable contract settlement gain. The park and loan market however continues to be challenging. Boardwalk has several pipeline expansion projects underway that will be placed into service over the next several quarters and that are expected to contribute to the Company's growth. To finance these projects, Boardwalk has successfully raised capital through a number of debt and equity offerings and also has available $1 billion revolving line of credit. Additionally, Loews has agreed to invest $700 million in Boardwalk, primarily through newly created Class B limited partnership units. We expect the transaction to be completed in June. Boardwalk has declared a distribution for the first quarter of $0.465 per unit, a $0.005 increase from the prior quarter and its ninth consecutive dividend increase since going public in '05. Loews hotels had another solid quarter, matching last year's first quarter net income. RevPar, or revenue per available room, increased by 3.5% driven by increases in room rates. As I said at the outset, Loews' overall results were somewhat marred by the actions of the financial markets in the first quarter. Nevertheless, for us, the financial markets present a time of opportunity rather than a time of stress. And finally, as many of this will probably be Marty Orlowsky's last Loews earnings call. Hopefully, in July or August, Marty will be hosting his own earnings conference call for a publicly traded Lorillard. However, I cannot let this moment pass without making mention of how stellar Marty has been as a member of the Loews team. He has been the most extraordinary and successful tobacco executive in recent memory, building enormous value for Loews and for Carolina Group shareholders. But success has not gone to Marty's head. He's been a pleasure to work with and always approaches issues with a can-do attitude. Marty's good nature, work ethic and good humor will certainly be missed by all of us in the Loews family. And with that, I'd now like to hand things over to Loews' CFO, Peter Keegan. Pete? The time factor in seasonality relates to gas prices. And if you look at the gas future, you see that gas prices tend to peak in December, January, February, and they tend to go down into the spring, maybe go up a bit in the summer when there's air conditioning demand, and then decline again in the early fall before going up again into the wintertime. So, the primary market for third, fourth and fifth generation rigs I believe will be in the shallower water depth where sixth generation typically positioned rigs cannot compete. They just technically cannot compete there. So, I think that there will be in the future a good market for those third, fourth and fifth generation rigs, but it will be a relatively small market. Certainly not as big as it was in prior decades. So, we are very comfortable -- Diamond is very comfortable with the exposure that it has to that class of rigs. I love quoting myself. And as I said in my comments, we just don't comment on share purchases or repurchases. And typically, statutory book value is much lower than GAAP book value. We have no specific plans right now. We like to carry around a large cash position because it makes it so that we can take advantage of opportunities when they come up, but at the present time, we have nothing in particular that we're doing. That's correct. At Loews, we've got $3.5 billion of cash. So we've got plenty of dry powder. Because I believe that at some point in time, something will go wrong. I'm not hoping for it, but we're prepared in case it does. It's -- I don't know what it's going to do. It's just the state of affairs though. So there are a few things. Number one, we like to buy the stock at prices that appear low to us on an absolute and relative basis. Number two, we have other calls on our cash beyond simply an acquisition or share repurchases or dividends. So, for example, if the Bluegrass project moves forward chances are that will require significant financing coming from Loews. So that is something that we always keep our eyes attuned to. And finally, if the Company is in possession of material nonpublic information, then our legal beagles here do not allow us to repurchase shares. So all those factors go into the mix and make it therefore difficult for investors to discern from our share repurchase in a particular quarter -- our share repurchases or lack of share repurchases whether we're bullish or bearish on the stock. Good morning. I follow an awful lot of things. First of all, I follow the financial markets very closely. Interest rates, I follow closely because we have at CNA close to a $45 billion portfolio of which more than $40 billion is in fixed income securities of one way or another. So I'm intensely interested in interest rates. I'm intensely interested in which sector of the interest rate markets are the cheapest and which are the dearest. We follow equity markets. I follow the industry for each one of our businesses very closely. So I watch carefully what's going on in the property/casualty insurance business. I follow what's going on in the pipeline business, offshore drilling business, hotel business. I try to follow carefully what's going in the United States, because this is basically the area where we operate. So try to understand politically what's going, economically, what's going on. We're constantly looking for new businesses. So surveying the equity markets, surveying what values and valuations are following the business world do, I've come to the conclusion that I must spend about a third to a half of my time just keeping up with what's going on, getting information, reading newspapers, reading newswires, reading articles all in the name of just filling the brain with current events and what's going on in the marketplace. And then the other half of my time, I spend thinking, using that information in order to be able to make strategic decisions about our businesses. Bob, we bought rigs, we also bought stock and we did lots and lots of upgrades. Even now, though, we are buying some rigs and upgrading. We have two semi submersibles in the shipyard for major upgrades that total about $550 million. And we also have on order two new jack upgrades totaling -- the cost of those total $300 million. So the Company -- Diamond Offshore still has a significant exposure to the business and is very comfortable with its position in the business. We believe that the upgrades will be very economic. They cost between 250 and $300 million. If you wanted to order a similar rig today it would cost about $600 million. And likewise for our jack upgrades that we have on order for $150 million a piece. My guess is that if we wanted to today we could probably sell those for a significant profit over what we've committed to pay for them. All you have to do is consult your commerce clearinghouse book. I think you know it as well as we do. It doesn't affect us there. It may have an impact in Offshore Drilling, but I don't really think so. Because in Offshore Drilling typically oil companies are thinking three and four years out and not thinking about tomorrow. That is the way -- that is the mindset of those that are drilling for shale oil because in shale, number one, you can turn the spigot on and off with respect to drilling very quickly. Number two, in the shale oil production you get a big burst of production initially and then it trails off rather quickly. So that you want to make sure if you are producing shale oil that when you frac the well and turn it on it is producing at a time when oil prices are relatively attractive. My guess, for what it is worth, is that oil prices between $75 and $80 a barrel are going to have a rather significant effect on US oil production. Right now the numbers call for US oil production to increase next year by 750,000 to 1 million barrels a day, somewhere in that region. My guess -- my fearless forecast is that if oil prices stay where they are you will see US production increasing by a significantly smaller amount. And that is due to the fact that for shale oil producers that are not hedged in terms of their oil prices, they will see a very dramatic decline in their free cash flow. And to the extent that so many of them are below investment grade it would be difficult for them to get new financing to actually pay for the cost of drilling. So I would not be surprised at all to see the Baker Hughes oil drilling rig count decline rather significantly in the coming months if oil prices stay at this level. What's my feelings? Yes. I am certainly hopeful that CNA will not need any more support from Loews. The investment was made in mid-November. The markets bottomed on December 15 and actually started moving up between the December 15 and the end of the year. And when you look at all of our capital ratios, they are indicative of a Company that is in fine shape. So, I cannot imagine the credit markets going to such a level that -- let me start over. The credit markets today are at extraordinary levels; in high yield, in mortgage-backed securities. And it's difficult for me to see them going dramatically lower from here. Anything is possible but right now, if you think that stocks are attractive, then you ought to take a look at what's going on in the credit markets because there's enormous amounts of value to be had there. Treasury and common stocks. Good morning. You're welcome. First of all, there's no change in disclosure and secondly, I don't know that there was any foreshadowing. I was commenting about what happened in the third quarter and what's been happening this year. I was expressing some of my frustration with valuation of Loews and our subsidiaries. And I want to make clear, do not confuse frustration with complaining. While I am frustrated, I also consider this a golden opportunity and I think we've taken plenty of advantage of it having repurchased over $750 million worth of our stock this year. But I caution you not to see -- not to take what I said as foreshadow. Yes, I think the prices of our subsidiaries are depressed, but I don't know what that's necessarily going to mean in terms of our share repurchases going forward. We have lots of options we consider. Every day, we think about whether or not we want to buy shares and there are always competing uses for our money. So we think about it and as I think you know from our past experience, we can turn on a dime. The natural gas is 77% of the reserves, natural gas liquids are 22%, and oil is 1%. The proved developed producing is about 71% of the total proved reserves. Thank you, David. Now I would like to talk about the medium- to long-term prospects of each of our subsidiaries. Actually, I think it is a much more fitting conversation for us to have since at Loews quarterly results are not necessarily indicative of the long-term performance and ultimate value of our businesses. While we take notice of the near-term developments we really measure the significance of an event or the returns on an investment over the short-term. As always, we are focused on the long-term value we can deliver to shareholders. First, let's turn to Diamond Offshore. I want to start out by addressing the proverbial elephant in the room. Diamond's results this quarter were severely impacted by the rig impairment charges David mentioned earlier in the call. Keep in mind that the severe downturn in the offshore drilling market, combined with the difficulty in predicting the timing and degree of its inevitable recovery precipitated these impairments. It is important to note however that Diamond is scrapping only two of the eight rigs being impaired today. Having been in the offshore drilling business for nearly 30 years and the super tanker business for seven years prior to that, I have seen cyclical downturns before. I am hopeful that in this case, and similar to prior cases, the rigs being stacked today will work again and earn an attractive rate of return in the future. Holding onto and ultimately reactivating capable older rigs is a strategy that Diamond has employed historically to create value and differentiate itself from its competitors. There is no doubt that an oversupply of six generation drill ships currently exists. However, I believe that the older semi submersibles being stacked today may indeed find work as the market recovers on jobs for which these third, fourth and fifth generation rigs are better suited. Diamond's innovative strategies along with its financial strength and conservative capital management should enable the Company to emerge from this turbulent market cycle stronger than any of its competitors. As I have said before, if there's a silver lining to this oil price downturn it is that the lack of drilling activity today will only help speed the recovery of oil prices tomorrow. The effects of the current under investment (technical difficulty) oil drilling are already starting to be evident and will play out in the coming years. Demand for oil is still growing and remains quite healthy. With all its new rigs contracted at least through 2019, I am confident in Diamond's medium- to long-term prospects. While today the situation may seem bleak, we have seen this movie's prequel before and remember well how it ended. Now let's turn to our other energy subsidiary, Boardwalk Pipeline Partners. When discussing the future prospects of the pipeline space I hear a lot about the challenges the industry faces Bob, you know I say that all the time. And in that environment, we were still able to buy two natural gas pipelines and put them together. I don't want to give a forecast on that and the reason is that our CapEx program is driven, in large part, by the economics that we can achieve through purchasing drilling services and the strength that we can obtain by hedging the production for the first two or three years. So, a lot of our CapEx is driven, not just by the spot price for natural gas, but by the forward curve going out three years and it's difficult, at this point in time, to say exactly what our CapEx will be. So, first of all, the comparison with Boone Pickins, I sort of accept that as a compliment. I want to say though that I am not calling for the government to fund anything with respect to getting to increased consumption of natural gas. I believe that the free market can do that on its own. With respect to --. Yes, yes, we have an equity portfolio of about $500 million to $600 million. We have that because we do want -- we do have expertise in investing in equities and we do think we can do a good job at it combined with the fact that by having the equity portfolio it keeps us closely in touch with the markets and what is going on. But in terms of that being a line of business or an avenue to significant shareholder value growth, I just don't think that is going to be the place. So many people might think that the discount is a negative. I sort of think of it as a positive because it gives us an opportunity to repurchase shares at attractive returns for our shareholders. So I have not consciously ever complained about the discount. I view it as an opportunity for all Loews' shareholders and in fact, based upon our share repurchase record over the years, we have really tried to take advantage of that. And I think that that has really inured to the benefit of all shareholders because I think that a lot of the return, the outperformance of Loews over the past few decades has been driven by share repurchase as much as it has been driven by just the businesses that we are in. We are long-term investors, so we don't think about unlocking the value tomorrow and experience has shown me that you can't unlock it in one day. But it is a constant effort and if the market doesn't reward you in terms of your share price for the results that you've had, then don't complain, just repurchase shares from those that don't want to be long-term investors. We have -- well, our -- we have about a $5.5 billion portfolio. A lot of it is kept in cash, but we also like the (inaudible) of trying to keep his fingers fresh and attuned to what's going on. We like to stay in touch with the market and we believe that we have some very good expertise on our trading desk and so we allocate capital to those traders to invest in treasury securities, mortgage-backed securities and other securities for the corporate portfolio. Additionally, we have just over 10% of the portfolio is invested in common stock. So we conveniently refer to that $5.5 billion as cash and the lion's share of it is in cash, but there are also some other investments within that portfolio that help us to earn a higher return on those balances than we otherwise would earn just by investing in commercial paper, which we don't. We have positions that are larger than that, but we manage our exposure by being short some S&P futures in order to minimize the impact of our equities. I think that -- actually I'm -- I've been fairly sanguine about pricing in the commercial P&C space. And the reason for it is because of the extraordinary capital discipline that has been in place for the past 5 or 10 years in the industry. The industry generates lots of excess capital and what we see from a lot of companies in the industry is that with a combination of share repurchases and dividends, companies are returning their -- the entire amount of capital that they have earned in the past year. And in fact some companies are returning more than their earnings. So in the old days we used to have exaggerated cycles in this industry because companies retained so much capital. But now that capital is being recycled through share repurchases and dividends, I just don't see the capacity pressure that drives down prices like we have seen in prior cycles. So, prices now -- we are still getting probably 2% to 4% price increases, that is generally good enough to cover inflation, which -- so the federal government tells us is about 1.5%. CNA is also busily re-underwriting its commercial book of business. So I am hopeful that even in this price environment over time CNA can continue to bring down its combined ratio as we strive to become a top quartile commercial lines underwriter. Not to debt markets, no. That is correct. I'm hopeful. We wouldn't rule out anything, but right now we're focused just on closing this transaction and getting to know the management better. We know them well now, but we want to know them -- get to know them better and get to understand what the real opportunities are with the business. At some later point in time, we will consider if we want to take this public and under what circumstances. Yes, but we don't intend to get a rating. We intend to finance it with bank debt. Thank you. Thanks. Let me just say this, we never say never to anything. So, we just look at what is going on, we assess our portfolio. We assess the prospects for the business. We assess the other calls for our cash. There is an awful lot that goes into the assessment and, like I said, we never say never. Well the individual operating subsidiaries are all doing very well. So the goal right there is for them to continue doing well and for them to maximize their opportunities within the context of their markets. And I think they are all doing that well. CNA has embarked on generating strong consistent earnings, good return on equity and generating excess cash flow so that they can return it to the parent. Diamond Offshore is looking to extend its contracts so that it will have a strong backlog of revenues and earnings for Loews for years to come. At Lorillard, Marty is doing what he has always been doing, which is managing the business with an eye to both the current year and also an eye to maintaining the business in a strong mode for the intermediate to long term. And at Boardwalk, they are managing the business which we thought was going to be a quiet and staid business. They are managing the business for significant organic growth that should be visible over -- and come on to our books over the next two years as the projects are developed. So, from the Loews perspective, what we are doing is, number one, we are monitoring very carefully what goes on at the subsidiaries. We are very active and involved in their capital structure, capital raising, and they're strategic plans. So those all have been, in essence, ratified by us, as have their capital plans. And then the other thing that we are doing at Loews is trying to figure out how to allocate the $5.5 billion that we have in our corporate treasury. We bought in $300 million worth of stock during the quarter on the theory that this -- we were able to purchase the stock at a significant discount to the sum of the part's value. We continue to look for other businesses to buy, but as you can see from the lack of press releases coming from us, we haven't found anything yet. But we do continue to look, and figure that at some point in time we will be able to buy something that would be value additive to the Company. So first, macro outlook. I have been sort of the stopped clock on my macro outlook going back to '09 thinking that we were going to see 2% growth as far as the eye can see. And I am still sticking with that forecast. Yes, one quarter may be stronger, another quarter weaker, but overall, for a whole host of reasons, I think we are in a 2% growth environment. And you would think that if with a 2% growth environment, along with productivity gains that you typically see across the economy, that there wouldn't be much to invest in. But the reality is that we see, for each one of our business, lots and lots of investments. But it's open for business now. That will not have a major effect on our earnings. With respect to the hotels, are you comparing the third quarter to the second quarter? Thank you, Darren, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The first quarter marked the continuation of good business conditions for Loews. Earnings per Loews common share were $1.20, up from $0.85 in the first quarter of last year. Included in our results was the gain of $89 million relating to a reduction in our proportionate ownership in Diamond Offshore, due to the exercise of the Diamond Offshore 1.5% convertible bond. Peter will provide more details in a few minutes, but this one time non-cash gain should not outshine the strong results by our subsidiaries. Earnings per share of Carolina Group were $1.08, as compared to $0.86 in last year's first quarter. Thank you. And don't forget, send your cards and letters. Yes. I would say it's two things. Number one, we do see opportunities. There are not many hotels that are being built now even though the hotel business is reasonably good. So that's an environment where we like to be developing hotels. Combined with the fact that we have a management team now that is very adept at acquiring hotels, they understand very well how to finance hotels, not only with debt but also with equity investors. And so we're making use of their expertise. No. It has been our modus operandi for a very long time. Under our ownership Lorillard's directive was to maximize its value in the cigarette business over the intermediate term. And to do that we wanted them to pay cash dividends, but we also wanted them to maintain and grow their business. Now as an independent company they will have greater leeway within both the tobacco business and the business world to create that value as they deem best. Well, the premium-to-surplus ratio is a good, quick indicator of the capacity of an insurance company. But these days, you really have to look as much, if not more, to the rating agencies and their dicta concerning the level that insurance companies can operate at in terms of revenues that they can write. In that regard, CNA is -- you're right -- very, very strong in terms of its capital ratings. Has ratings that would ordinarily make it, I think, a AA- rated insurance company. Let me just make one other point for clarification. Under Loews ownership Lorillard has not had any debt. Lorillard has, and Lorillard's depreciation has pretty much covered its capital expenditures. As a stand-alone company if Lorillard is going to have debt, if Lorillard is going to do share repurchases or any other corporate type transaction it will need some cash and net worth in order to be able to do that to service its debt, to buy in shares or whatever. So it will be up to the Lorillard's board to decide whether they want to continue paying out 100% of earnings and forego all those other opportunities, or take advantage of some of those other opportunities to create value. But the cost of that will be that they won't be able to pay out 100% of their earnings as dividends. Repeat the question. If he's there, we can't hear him. Oh, a dollar price? Probably north of $5. You talking about -- The gas there that is in the ground that has not been drilled is not going to disappear and one day that could become economic to produce. Two things could happen. Number one, prices could increase and, number two, there could be new technologies that make it possible to drill that. Next, as we said, we are -- there are different stratas within our fields in Sonora that do hold large amounts of oil. And, specifically, I mentioned during my comments that we are drilling in the Wolfcamp within Sonora. We have drilled a number of wells -- that is what we call our science experiment -- to see if we can figure out how to move to development drilling in a commercial manner. We are not there yet, but over the next several quarters hopefully we will have more to say about that. There have been very few asset transactions in the industry recently other than scrapping of rigs. So it really is quite difficult to say what is the fair market value today for something like a fifth or sixth generation rig. So since there have been no transactions we don't fully know what the asset values as determined by the market currently are. No, it isn't. What it really deals with is the fact that while the pipelines are geographically contiguous, they really are at different ends of the operational spectrum. Gulf South is a pipeline that operates in a highly competitive area, and is really a gathering system, as opposed to Texas Gas Transmission, which is operating under more of the rate of return regulatory environment, and is a distribution system primarily to distribution companies, as well as other pipelines taking gas up to the northeast. Again, I don't want to get into that. But just remember that we are putting together two pipelines that fit very well geographically. And, as you can imagine, there should be strategic and operational cost savings that we should be able to achieve. I think the lawyers (inaudible) us about answering any questions in respect to Boardwalk and I think what we should do is just let our filings speak for themselves. Thank you, Josh. Though the first-quarter results were strong as all of our subsidiaries continued to perform well, we reported income of $2.54 per Loews' common share in the first quarter of '06, up from $1.62 in the first quarter of '05. The most notable year-over-year earnings improvement came from our offshore drilling subsidiary, Diamond Offshore, but our insurance and tobacco subsidiaries also recorded higher net income versus the 2005 quarter. We don't do that, and historically we don't do that. Tax basis is a very simple item when it comes to your own portfolio. When it comes to subsidiaries and other corporate assets, it is phenomenally complicated and takes an enormous amount of effort. And we do not typically adjust the basis -- we do not calculate the basis on either a quarterly or annual basis. And I would say, likewise, I don't think there are any S&P 500 companies that actually do that. You know, we've considered that for a long time. We think it's a good thing to have the -- number one, it's a good barometer for us. It's a way of compensating CNA executives through option plans. And it also highlights the distinction that CNA is a separate and distinct company from Loews. And all those, I think, are pretty powerful reasons why CNA-- why we haven't taken in the rest of CNA. Yes, in that portfolio we invest in securities up to about ten years in duration. And for about four or five quarters we had had consistent, good, what I will call guerrilla attacks in the longer end of the market, buying the longer end of the market, then selling, then buying, then selling. This past quarter we got nipped for some losses. Right now the portfolio is very defensive. And in pretty good shape.. We participated in -- we've bought some bank loans, some high yield bank loans, loans that have gone from par a year ago to 85 just a few weeks ago. We've made purchases in those securities from time to time. We've been dabbling in the corporate bond market, as well as the municipal bond market. These are all markets where we see plenty of opportunities amid the stress that most of the market is feeling. Yes. The total 3P reserves is about 4.9 trillion cubic feet and the proven is about 2.5 Tcf. I don't fully understand what you mean. That's correct. What numbers do you want? We believe that -- I guess what you're talking about is the discount that Loews trades to shareholder value? Or the Loews trades to the value of the sum of the parts? And my comment there is that we believe over time, that Loews will close that discount and if not, possibly through share repurchases or other actions, we can take advantage of that for the benefit of all of the shareholders. Yes, we do. The rationale for each of those transactions was different for each individual transaction, based on the time that the transaction was done. When we first went public, for example, the reason for the transaction was to highlight for all Loews shareholders just what the value of our Lorillard investment was and I remember when we took Carolina Group public, actually when we filed the papers to take it public, there was a very significant increase in the price of Loews stock as investors started to understand what the value was of Carolina Group, and then over the past close to four and a half years that CG has been public, you're right. There has been a number of sales that have taken place. Sometimes they were to increase carbon the Loews balance sheet but all-times, I would say they were done with the idea in mind of creating value for all of our Loews shareholders. In terms of our target ownership, all I can tell you is that we have no plans now to any shares of CG. We're very comfortable with where our holdings are. Well, Boardwalk, as you know, has a very significant construction plan in progress that hopefully will be completed within 12 months from now but Boardwalk also had a need for cash to help finance that plan. I'm pleased that the Company is able to continue growing the dividend. As I said in my remarks, that was the ninth consecutive time that its increased its dividend and the earnings have been improving. So, I'm sort of very pleased with the performance that Boardwalk has provided. Listen, I like capital-light, so management is always number one. But, with management, you don't control the asset and in some ways, you don't control your own fate. A partnership is the next best thing because that's not capital-light, but it's capital-lighter, so that we don't have to put up all the money for the hotel. And the third alternative is for us to buy 100% of a hotel, which we have done a number of times. What we look to do when we buy 100% of a hotel is that, over the next one to two years, we look to sell down our percentage interest in that hotel so we don't have as much cash invested in the property. I think he's refereeing to short-term investments and cash balance, which actually should be -- mostly short-term investments are in Lorillard and you may be seeing increased cash balances because for one reason or another, Lorillard itself, as opposed to Carolina Group, has those increased cash balances. But when dividends come from Lorillard up to Loews, then all of our cash is used to pay the dividends and pay down the balance of the debt, leaving Carolina Group with $100 million cash balance. First of all, is it possible to have too much cash? Yes, I guess so, but I would say that I don't think that we're there. So, this -- that's not a problem that I'm worried about. In the past, we have had more cash than we have today. Although at the time, we had more shares, so on a per-share basis, we're probably at the high point. But I still don't feel that we're drowning in cash, and I believe that over the next few quarters and years, we'll have plenty of opportunities to use that cash. The time that -- by corporate philosophy, we like having a lot of cash on our balance sheet. We understand that it is a drag on return on equity and other statistics. But it's been the cash that's been on the balance sheets that's given us the opportunities to really do value-creating transactions. In 2008, it allowed us to invest in CNA and Boardwalk at a time when, if the markets would've been open to them, they would've been open at a very, very high price. It gave us the opportunity to buy Texas Gas Transmission in 2003 and Gulf South Pipelines in 2004. It allowed us to get into the gas exploration and production business in 2007, and going back to the 1980s and early 1990s, it was the cash on the balance sheet that allowed us to jump into the opportunity of buying offshore drilling rigs when nobody else wanted them. So, we like to have cash and not have to go to bankers and other financers when we want to buy what I would call -- make value-creating investments. With respect to share repurchases, all I will say is that there is a minimum amount of cash that we want to have on the balance sheet that will determine that we won't -- if we go below that minimum amount of cash, we would not buy shares, but to the extent that we're above that amount, and we are today, obviously, then we'll buy shares based on our assessment of whether we think it's attractive value for all of our shareholders. Here's the story. We've got $4.3 billion of cash. Well, the Board discusses it from time to time and beyond that I really don't want to go any further on it. Carol, let me make just one clarification, which is that we have a similar share to Phillip Morris, USA, and RAI, Reynolds American has two shares because they have both American -- RJR and [BAT]. My pleasure. First of all, just for clarification, we received $500 million redemption in the third quarter, and we anticipate that we will receive the remaining $500 million redemption in the fourth quarter. Not really. CNA has the ability and the intent to hold its securities to price recovery, so we just don't worry about it. Yes. In terms of the portfolio, we're reducing our exposure to municipals. We're increasing our exposure to corporate. This is all in, primarily in CNA. I don't know what the number is going to settle in at. I think what we're going through now is a change of ownership that the people that had owned MLPs up till now were people who were looking for fixed income with some growth to it and that ownership is switching over more to value investors who can understand the growth of the intrinsic value of the Company and don't need to see that growth denoted in distributions per share, but rather can understand it's accumulation and compounding within the MLP itself. I think we've gotten high returns from those businesses. When you look at our investment environment offshores, I guess I should have declared victory and retreated and gone into retirement, but even our investment in Boardwalk Pipelines in my mind has been a fabulous investment. So I guess I would challenge the premise of the question. You know what you're talking about is extraordinarily hypothetical and decades in the future, the Lord only knows, your hypothetical issue I would think goes strongly against your view of the current litigation environment. So I can't answer your question directly. What I can say though and emphasize over and over again is that we are very, very respectful of our other shareholders and combined with that we understand that if the -- if it is perceived that we are mistreating the CG shareholders, that there will be repercussions felt at our other publicly traded subsidiaries and that is something that we absolutely, positively don't want to happen. Well. You too. Let me -- let me call up Steve Lilienthal, the CEO of CNA Financial to discuss CNA and Steve, hopefully when you come up yet more people won't leave the room. But it's open for business now. That will not have a major effect on our earnings. With respect to the hotels, are you comparing the third quarter to the second quarter? It doesn't affect us there. It may have an impact in Offshore Drilling, but I don't really think so. Because in Offshore Drilling typically oil companies are thinking three and four years out and not thinking about tomorrow. That is the way -- that is the mindset of those that are drilling for shale oil because in shale, number one, you can turn the spigot on and off with respect to drilling very quickly. Number two, in the shale oil production you get a big burst of production initially and then it trails off rather quickly. So that you want to make sure if you are producing shale oil that when you frac the well and turn it on it is producing at a time when oil prices are relatively attractive. My guess, for what it is worth, is that oil prices between $75 and $80 a barrel are going to have a rather significant effect on US oil production. Right now the numbers call for US oil production to increase next year by 750,000 to 1 million barrels a day, somewhere in that region. My guess -- my fearless forecast is that if oil prices stay where they are you will see US production increasing by a significantly smaller amount. And that is due to the fact that for shale oil producers that are not hedged in terms of their oil prices, they will see a very dramatic decline in their free cash flow. And to the extent that so many of them are below investment grade it would be difficult for them to get new financing to actually pay for the cost of drilling. So I would not be surprised at all to see the Baker Hughes oil drilling rig count decline rather significantly in the coming months if oil prices stay at this level. My pleasure. Say again? Oh, I can tell you it categorically had nothing to do with that. We'll talk [about it]. We fully expect to. We have our -- I think $865 million in debt. Even if we finance this entirely with Loews cash, that means we'll have $1.3 billion in cash and we also have, as you know, very significant cash flows coming in to the parent company. So the cash that we use to make this acquisition should be replenished rather rapidly. Timing on E&P. We've been bullish on gas and we remain bullish on gas. As we've gone through the oil patch and talked to a lot of people, the thing that seems clear to us is that we need relatively high gas prices in order to -- for drilling to be economic. And over 80% of our natural gas is produced domestically. So over the short to intermediate term, we're going to need fairly good sized -- good levels of natural gas prices in order to keep production coming on. Remember, wells deplete. And in this day and age, wells deplete rather rapidly. So the industry has to run just to stay in place in terms of replacing the gas levels produced previously. So my sense is that gas is going to become an ever more valuable commodity and so we're happy being long, 2.5 trillion cubic feet. Having said that, we do intend to hedge some portions of our gas. We've already put on some hedges, a relatively minor amount, but we have put on some hedges. And from time to time, in the future we will as well hedge. We don't want to chop the top off of the peaks, but we do want to avoid the valleys of the declines in price. So we're going to try to balance hedging with having a pretty good exposure to the marketplace for natural gas. In terms of growth, it's too early for us to tell. We do anticipate that there will be drill bit growth from our new E&P company. We are excited about some of the prospects that it has that are not in the Permian Shale, the Antrim Shale or the Black Warrior Basin. So we think that there can be some opportunities there. We also think that this management team has done an outstanding job of uncovering good gas plays in the past and we are hopeful and expect that we'll be able to continue doing that. Beyond that, we think that there could be the opportunity to buy other enterprises in this industry at attractive returns. We'll a full management team in place and we'll expect them to analyze situations as they come up and then we can decide if the acquisition is worth the cost of it. But we see this new enterprise as really being our platform in this industry. And we're just hoping to create whatever value we can from that. Yes? No, no, no, the Diamond -- oh, okay, so that's a quarterly number. Is the $175 million a quarterly number you're talking about? No, not at all. I think we very possibly could thank the United States Federal Reserve for raising interest over the past year from 1% to 4%. That makes an enormous difference when you're carrying around cash balances at the parent company level of $1.5 to $2 billion. Say again? Well, those securities are basically mark to market every quarter, and they have generated extraordinary earnings for Carolina Group, just as the $1 billion-plus portfolio of partnership investments for CNA has generated extraordinary investments for them. We don't see anything extraordinary in the negative sense coming from those investments. In fact, TGT files its own separate 10-K and so you can get it directly from them. Yes. So, my guess is if the stock market goes down you will see us buying more stock. If we spend a significant amount of cash you might see us reduce our investment in hedge funds. The hedge funds that we are invested in for the Loews account are -- there are about 12 or 13 different funds that we are invested in. They are all -- those investments were all made with an eye for being able to get our funds back relatively quickly. So to the extent that we were to spend a significant amount of money we might liquidate some of those investments. We take all the sources of capital that we anticipate coming into Loews into account. The thing that Loews doesn't do, nor do our subsidiaries do, is make forward-looking statements as to what specifically those amounts are. I don't want to talk about what we may do with the shares of some of our subsidiaries because, if I did, then we would have to do all manner of filings and 8-Ks, and you people don't want inside information, anyway. Do you? I think when activists go after companies, they do that because they see that the management of the Company is not working in the best interests of the shareholders. We at Lowes -- we're primarily investors and as I spoke about in my prepared remarks and all the time, we're constantly thinking about value. We're buying in our shares, we're playing with the different chess pieces that we have on our board, all in the name of creating shareholder value for our shareholders. And I think and I hope that activists understand what we're trying to do, how we're doing it, and that they can't really present a better more attractive opportunity for shareholders. Andy, you've been, you've been -- not only have you been dialed into the calls, you've also been listening carefully. And I think I can't add anything to it. We are looking for opportunities. We constantly kick tires, but the one thing is that you didn't quote me on, and I'll quote myself now, is if there's nothing to do, do nothing. So we're constantly looking. We constantly see that cash there. We're constantly thinking about what to do with it, and as soon as we figure it out, we'll issue a press release. No, I don't think so. I think this is a long time coming. They have rated us A2 just for a little perspective. We have $700 million of debt and we have $3.7 billion of cash and investments. So our cash and investments covers our debt by a factor of 5 times. Thank you. A pleasure. Okay. Michael, I can't answer yes or no. And if you had asked me that question after we had acquired Texas Gas, I would have given you the same answer right now. We are an organization that responds to opportunities to try to grow our business. This opportunity came along now and fit perfectly with our Texas Gas investment. I can't predict what other opportunities are going to come along in the future. I think that sounds about right. The most it can be is $4,025 million, but we would anticipate that some portion of that will instead come from bank borrowings, but at this point in time we don't know the exact amount. But to the extent that, say, there's $1 billion, $1.5 billion of borrowings from the bank, that would mean there's $1 billion, or $1.5 billion less coming from the Loews treasury. Just to remind you, at the end of the first quarter, we had cash at the Loews parent company level of $5.3 billion. It's very standard in the MLP industry for companies to get additional equity through the stock market, through underwritten offerings. Loews would consider making investments from time to time, but I think the primary route that we would like to go is through the public route. And I think, these expansion projects are attractive enough that it will generate significant investor interest in them. Well, Bob, the exchange offer is really a means by which shares of Loews would be repurchased by giving out shares of Lorillard. So what will matter to the Loews Board of Directors is the relationship between the price of Loews stock and the price of Lorillard stock. And if it is determined that either Loews is too expensive or Lorillard is too cheap, then as an alternative to the exchange offer the Board can simply decide to issue in a pro rata manner through a dividend all the shares of Lorillard. And in that situation we will not have bought back any shares of Loews stock in this transaction. But we will have distributed all the shares. We'll get back to you. Good morning. Yes, my pockets are still asbestos lined and money doesn't burn a hole in them. Diamond Offshore is playing close to $100 million on a quarterly basis. CNA, I said, is the sum of the quarterly dividends which is $140 million. That's right. Or $5 billion, yes. You net that against the debt. And then I leave it to you to come up with your own fearless forecast for the value of Loews Hotels, the value of HighMount, and the value of the Boardwalk General Partner. We are, Bob, and it's has been the case for awhile now, we have been positioned in a barbell -- with a barbell strategy. Meaning that we have a significant amount of funds in cash and short-term investments, and we also have funds at the long-end of the market. More recently, with the run-up of two-year notes to close to 4%, we have weighted a bit out into the two-year sector, but we've basically abandoned the 2 1/2 year sector out to the ten-year sector. So we get yield from both the short-end of the curve, and also from the long-end of the curve. Jim, my view on the economy, actually, is the same that it's been for the past two or three years. That we are in a -- we had the decline that we had in '08, and going into '09, came about because of an overleverred US economy, and that as a result of the economy being -- economy being overlerred, it is very difficult to get that bounce off the bottom that you would ordinarily expect from a recession. So we're -- we're now growing probably, the last quarter -- the second quarter I think came in at 2.4%. And, many analysts are now forecasting that going forward in the second half of the year we could have growth of less than that amount because of the fiscal drag coming about from state governments as well as the -- the way the stimulus money starts to ebb, as well. So, I'm generally in agreement. The most it can be is $4,025 million, but we would anticipate that some portion of that will instead come from bank borrowings, but at this point in time we don't know the exact amount. But to the extent that, say, there's $1 billion, $1.5 billion of borrowings from the bank, that would mean there's $1 billion, or $1.5 billion less coming from the Loews treasury. Just to remind you, at the end of the first quarter, we had cash at the Loews parent company level of $5.3 billion. Well, essentially nothing's changed. As you describe it, the non-core brands, Kent, True, Max, Satten and Old Gold for that matter, which is one of the other discount grand in addition to Maverick, we're basically optimizing their profitability. Maverick has shown growth, it was up a healthy 31, almost 32% in the third quarter. It's a low-margin proposition. We've always said that we're maintaining that as sort of a place holder, if you will, in that segment of the market. It's done well for us. We don't lose money on it, obviously. So-- but it's also obviously modestly profitable. And for the other brands, long term, they generate profit for us. And that hasn't changed for the last many, many years. It will happen pretty close together. Like probably a matter of days or weeks. First of all with respect to risk at Boardwalk, tell me specifically what you are referring to? So, I would say this. Right now, the problem doesn't seem to be capacity. The problem is totally lack of demand. There have been just a handful of fixtures for deep water rigs since the beginning of the year. This is a trend that actually started in the second half of 2013, where oil companies realized that they didn't have the cash flow to finance their exploration and production budget so they started cutting back, even with oil prices at $100 per barrel. And what's happened now is that that trend has gotten worse, and worse, and worse, and it's almost to the point that no matter where day rates go to, oil companies are not tempted to come back in. So, the high day rate for a new sixth-generation drill ship was probably three or four years ago at $700,000 a day. Today, that day rate is below $300,000 a day. My guess is that as the $200,000 rate becomes more firmly established in the minds of oil companies, I think you will -- I think that's a price point at which you will start to see demand slowly coming back. Remember, large oil companies tend to not be fast movers. So, I think it could be at least another several quarters, and then it will be I think a full comeback. But eventually, I think it will happen. I'm not 100% sure. It may have been -- okay, I have some numbers here. What it was, was that our equities did reasonably well, which was a good contribution. And that was basically the long and short of it. My guess though is that oil prices -- current oil prices will not affect offshore drilling nearly as much as it affects the land drilling, because the horizon for an offshore -- a company drilling offshore prospects is the horizon is say two to five years. The horizon for somebody drilling a shale well on shore is six months to a year. So it's a dramatically different mindset between the two oil companies. No there wasn't. No. There are always tax implications. I do not know, though, what the specific implications would be. Obviously, any time you go to do something like that, you call in the tax lawyers and there is lots and lots of talk, but we haven't done that. Well, the premium-to-surplus ratio is a good, quick indicator of the capacity of an insurance company. But these days, you really have to look as much, if not more, to the rating agencies and their dicta concerning the level that insurance companies can operate at in terms of revenues that they can write. In that regard, CNA is -- you're right -- very, very strong in terms of its capital ratings. Has ratings that would ordinarily make it, I think, a AA- rated insurance company. Well, Boardwalk, as you know, has a very significant construction plan in progress that hopefully will be completed within 12 months from now but Boardwalk also had a need for cash to help finance that plan. I'm pleased that the Company is able to continue growing the dividend. As I said in my remarks, that was the ninth consecutive time that its increased its dividend and the earnings have been improving. So, I'm sort of very pleased with the performance that Boardwalk has provided. There is something wrong with this picture. Pete the CFO spared no expense with his slides and with mine we spared every expense. What can we do? 2005 was an excellent year for Loews and as we near the halfway mark in '06 the good news continues. All of our subsidiaries are financially strong and registering healthy operating results. In addition to our subsidiaries' solid operations Loews has used the strengths of financial markets to make advantageous adjustments to our capital structure. Today Loews has the combination of income, cash flow, and balance sheet strength unmatched in its history. For the last few hours you've heard about Loews directly from the management on the front lines of our subsidiary companies. You've also just heard from our CFO, Pete Keegan, about recent financial performance and how our financial strength leaves us very well-positioned for the future. Now I'd like to share my perspective on each of our subsidiaries and on the company as a whole. I'll start with Diamond Offshore which continues to benefit from a booming offshore drilling market. The drilling rig supply and demand balance has driven us to record high average day-rates and unprecedented utilization of our assets. Over the past year and a half I've become evermore convinced that the offshore drilling market is in the midst of what I call a super cycle. Make no mistake, offshore drilling remains a cyclical industry but this up cycle has been longer and more robust -- more robust than usual and there are signs of it continuing unabated for some time to come. The factors driving this up cycle extend far beyond just $70 oil and I don't expect these factors to dissipate any time soon. As Larry Dickerson explained earlier market projections show increased rig demand which should fully utilize the additional capacity that will be coming on line over the next several years. To meet this new demand Diamond is both building new rigs and continuing its program of updating and upgrading existing rigs. We are currently building two new jack-up rigs at a total cost of $300 million, and we will spend close to $550 million upgrading the semi-submersible rigs, Ocean Endeavor and Ocean Monarch. In both cases, we expect to achieve attractive returns on the capital. I don't expect the worldwide rig fleet to be overwhelmed by the jack-ups and semi-submersibles in the industry's construction backlog. In general the industry has an aging fleet that was largely built in the 1980s and many of the new units will be replacing older, technically obsolete equipment. Industry-wide there were nine rigs lost to storms during a 14-month period beginning in '04, including one rig that belonged to us. Finally, there is increased demand by customers for offshore rigs driven in part by increased offshore exploration and development drilling worldwide. From a Loews' perspective Diamond Offshore is a growing source of earnings and cash flow. In addition to regular quarterly dividends totaling $0.50 annually, in 2005 Diamond also announced its intention to pay a special dividend in the first quarter of '06 that reflected the company's earnings and financial position based on the prior year results. Accordingly in the first quarter of '06, Diamond paid a special dividend of $1.50 per share which brought the total dividend payment to Loews for the trailing 12 months to over $140 million. If the market conditions we saw in the first quarter continue throughout the full year then we are optimistic that Diamond would be able to pay a special dividend in the first quarter of '07 reflective of its earnings in '06 resulting in significant cash flow to Loews. As pleased as we are with Diamond perhaps the most significant event at Loews since we gathered here last year is the IPO of Boardwalk Pipelines as a master limited partnership. The transaction marked the culmination of a successful set of acquisitions by Loews in the interstate pipeline industry over the past few years. As you heard Boardwalk has an $800 million expansion project underway and possibly more in the future. This might be more growth than you'd expect out of what many people consider to be a mature and staid industry. We happen to think this is an exciting and dynamic industry that offers significant organic growth potential. This growth will hopefully benefit the Boardwalk LP unit holders both Loews and the public through increased cash flow and distribution. In addition our ownership of the general partnership translates into a further increase in cash flow to Loews because as the distributions to the LP holders increase the distributions to the general partner will increase at an accelerated rate. Taking Boardwalk public was an important step for Loews because the IPO highlighted for Loews' shareholders the value of our pipeline holdings. Prior to the public offering Loews had an equity investment in Boardwalk of just over $1 billion. The IPO has shown the value of that holding now to be in excess of $2 billion even after receiving nearly $300 million in cash from Boardwalk's IPO in November of '05. After three years in the business we are quite pleased with Boardwalk's financial performance and its growth opportunities. No, there is no reason, but I'd just like to challenge your premise a bit. We're just continuing to operate the pipeline business, our pipeline business. We like the business that we've created; we've created an integrated pipeline that rings the Gulf of Mexico and goes up to Lebanon, Ohio, and we think it's an attractive holding for us. I said we're not close to anything but I'll let you put whatever words you want into my mouth. No, we are not thinking of franchising per se. We are in the ownership and management business; and we think that we should be able to increase the number of hotels that we have by putting some equity money in, but having partners in ownership. And likewise, we are also going to be looking to increase the number of just hotels that we have under management. No changes at all. We continue to kick tires. We continue to assess the needs of our subsidiaries and also continue to assess possibility for share repurchase. A good question, Mike. When we bought HighMount, natural gas prices were about $7.50 to $7.75 an Mcf; and in the first year, it went -- it just about doubled to about $15.00 per Mcf. And now gas prices have declined I guess 80% or so, to under $3.00 an Mcf. Nobody is making money at these levels. And my guess is that, even though HighMount is not public, obviously the value of our investment is lower today than it was when we made the investment. We did not anticipate the tremendous impact that fracking would have on the supply of natural gas. And likewise, I don't think that anybody really fully understood what that impact would be. Having said that, what has happened since then is that the cost of looking for natural gas, just the price of rigs and other services, has come down. But nonetheless, at $2.50 or $3.00 an Mcf, virtually nobody can look for natural gas or dry gas and be profitable doing it. So, my fearless forecast is that natural gas prices will go up over the coming quarters and years, and reach an equilibrium price that will still probably be lower than when we originally got into HighMount. Having said that, I am optimistic about HighMount's future. I am optimistic about the investment opportunities that we have there and believe that we will be able to earn good rates of return on our investments in it. Listen, I like capital-light, so management is always number one. But, with management, you don't control the asset and in some ways, you don't control your own fate. A partnership is the next best thing because that's not capital-light, but it's capital-lighter, so that we don't have to put up all the money for the hotel. And the third alternative is for us to buy 100% of a hotel, which we have done a number of times. What we look to do when we buy 100% of a hotel is that, over the next one to two years, we look to sell down our percentage interest in that hotel so we don't have as much cash invested in the property. So if HighMount were to come up with some properties to buy, chances are HighMount would not be able to fully finance it on its own, and therefore Loews would be prepared to make a capital contribution to HighMount in order to enable them to make that acquisition. Yes, that is at a 7% rate to Loews. We get the benefit of the intercompany -- or the corporate dividends receipt deduction. I haven't seen anything specific, but my instinct and my bones tell me that there are a significant number of independent gas E&P companies that are going to have a lot of trouble. With gas trading at $3.50 or $4.00, the industry was going to operate at minus $25 billion cash flow. I mean they were going to have to raise $25 billion outside sources. And now, with spot gas prices at $2.50 and with hedges running off for E&P companies, I think in some boardrooms there is concern that is moving to fear that is going to move to panic. And I think that the decline in rigs is just one symptom of that. Now we will have to see how this all plays out over the next six months to a year. But it looks like we are going to end the heating season with record amounts of natural gas that is going to put some pressure on natural gas prices. We're also seeing the time spreads increasing, because people think that natural gas will go up in the future -- which is, to some extent, benefiting Boardwalk Pipeline. Oh, okay. No, we are primarily in three areas and the -- those shales that you mentioned are not where we are. Good morning. So, when I think about my job description I would say there are two words that best describe it, and that is asset allocator. And what we tend to do here at Loews all the time is think about where to invest cash, we have lots and lots of different opportunities to do that. We can do that in our subsidiaries from time to time to the extent that they have projects that need help from us, or we can invest in -- reinvest in fixed income for CNA. We are constantly looking at equity prices. We're constantly looking at rates of return that can be had on one type of investment versus another. And in fact, the reason we got out of the -- the reason that we sold HighMount is because we saw that the rates of return that we could achieve by putting more money into HighMount was insufficient compared to the rates of return that we could see in other areas of investment. So we are constantly monitoring markets. We are constantly looking at corporate transactions to buy a new business. We're constantly assessing the value of Loews. We're constantly assessing the value of the stock market and the rates of return that can be available in other investments and putting that into our heads and every day coming to decisions as to where the most attractive investments are. And share repurchases are just one part of that larger puzzle. No, definitely not. That's right. Without significant amounts of inflation. I think that's entirely possible. Andy, you've been, you've been -- not only have you been dialed into the calls, you've also been listening carefully. And I think I can't add anything to it. We are looking for opportunities. We constantly kick tires, but the one thing is that you didn't quote me on, and I'll quote myself now, is if there's nothing to do, do nothing. So we're constantly looking. We constantly see that cash there. We're constantly thinking about what to do with it, and as soon as we figure it out, we'll issue a press release. Send your cards and letters to Moody's. Here is what I would say. If you want to buy the stock of a company that has got a significant equity portfolio, go to Berkshire Hathaway. We do not think that we are going to generate significant long-term returns for our shareholders by having a large equity portfolio. We are looking to either buy in our shares, buy in other business or invest in our own businesses. That is the main way that we are going to build value for our shareholders. You know me, I never rule anything out. Good question. Politicians always figure out ways to avoid answering those questions, but I'm not a skilled politician. So I'll tell you that -- let's look at HighMount. We are very bullish on HighMount, but in our timing on the purchase was not what you would call impeccable. And the reason for that is that we bought HighMount in July of 2007. Gas prices were $7.50 per MCF. They then went up to $14.50 per MCF over the next year, and man did we feel pretty smart. And then everybody started to understand what was actually happening with shale gas, and so natural gas, which was perceived as being a commodity in limited supply, all of a sudden became perceived as a commodity that was in surplus supply. So, ideally, we should have bought HighMount two years later. We didn't. But, even though our timing was somewhat off, I'm still very happy to be in the business because I think that there are and will be tremendous value creating opportunities for investments in that industry. I'm glad you started with the next question so I don't have to go on with a list of my failures. No, it wasn't $10 million, it wasn't $25 million, it was $5 million and it really was a jaw-droppingly low price considering the assets that we were buying. I don't anticipate that in the offshore drilling business that we're going to get to those $5 million levels. But I do see that there is -- there are newbuild drill ships that are scheduled to come out of the yard that don't have contracts. There are also a number of very highly levered Offshore Drilling contractors in the industry. And it would not surprise me to see some of our competitors get into financial trouble where they are put into a position or where their lenders are put into a position that they have to sell rigs. And what Diamond has done is it has prepared itself for that possibility. Diamond has done this before, most recently in 2009 when we bought two rigs out of bankruptcy court, the Courage and the Valor. Those rigs are now both working profitably for Petrobras and just had their contracts renewed. So we are taking a wait and see attitude. Right now there is nothing to be done. But it is very possible in the next six months to one, two or three years, depending what happens to a lot of different things, there could be very interesting opportunities for Diamond. With respect to natural gas pipelines, it's a different story. We don't see the possibility at all of buying existing assets at cheap valuations. But what we do see is that there are very interesting opportunities to build new pipes to accommodate the significant increase in gas production that has to flow from the areas where the gas is being produced to the areas where the gas is actually being consumed. So that the Freeport LNG project that we just announced this quarter is such a case, where we're able to earn what we think will be very attractive -- a very attractive rate of return on assets and with typical MLP leverage of say 50% the rate of return on equity can be significantly higher. Let me answer. That is cash of Lorillard. The intergroup debt is not a liability of Lorillard. It is an agreement between Loews and CG for the payment of cash out of the dividend that Loews received from CG and that cash goes back to Loews. And does not then go to the CG shareholders. Yes, we will. That's a series H preferred stock that Loews bought a number of years ago when CNA was in need of some additional capital. First of all, we want CNA to begin paying a dividend and we want it to be able to pay a consistent dividend and I believe that it is on a path to being able to do that. The fourth quarter was a small bump in the road but there some positive aspects including the elimination of the finite reinsurance, the commutation of it. And also just underneath the numbers the good run rate that CNA had in its property casualty business in the quarter. So that makes me feel good about the possibility for CNA to begin paying a dividend at some point in the future. With respect to the series H you can be sure that that is something that people at CNA and at Loews are looking at carefully. But beyond that I don't want to comment. Andy, I have to be honest with you, I'm sorry you asked the question. A portion of the increase in reserves is a result of revisions that came about because the natural gas prices are higher than they were before. But as the drill bit -- I don't think I have the number right here. Just looking to see exactly how much we replaced at the drill bit and how much was revision. I'm hopeful that it will be in '07, but I have no way of knowing. Finding and development. We expect that our development costs for approved and undeveloped reserves will be between $1.25 and $1.50 Mcf. And that's -- so that's for approved reserves. For unproved reserves, it could be higher. Yes? I'm not sure what was -- who else was bidding and what they were thinking in the bidding process. I do know that it was a long process that started almost six months ago. And I just -- I don't want to comment about the process or the other bidders. One of the frustrating things in a process like this is that as close as you are to the process, you really don't know who else is bidding and what they're thinking. So it's very frustrating. So, I can't tell you. I can tell you though that in the context of other oil and gas transactions that we've looked at, this one by far was the most attractive to us. And like -- in this industry, reserves that produce over, say three to five years, are much more expensive than reserves that produce over 20 years. My -- I don't understand why that is. I'm happy to pay $1.65 for reserves now, and produce it 20 years from now, hopefully at $20 or $30 an Mcf, as opposed to $8 or $9 an Mcf now. So I can't explain why that exists in the market, why people pay $4 for gas for the next three to 5fiveyears and it's only $1.65 over 20 years. But we're happy to take advantage of that. And the other part of your question? Say again? I am going to stick with my 2% growth forecast. It's a good use of the capital if you buy the stock at an attractive price. For those who may not know, a year or two ago, we presented a slide which we just happened to stumble upon ourselves, which showed that since the 1970s, we had bought in each decade between 25% and 35% of the Loews shares outstanding at the beginning of the decade. And so our shares outstanding declined from a split equivalent of 1.3 billion shares in the 1970s to today 430 -- excuse me, 436 million shares. With the split off of Lorillard and the retirement of 18% of our shares outstanding, when you combine that with the other purchases that we've done this decade, we're well within the range. Now that's not a stated policy. Sometimes we may buy more, sometimes we may buy less. As I like to describe it, and I've used these words before, we have a long and very (technical difficulty) history of repurchasing shares. And there's only one factor that is important for us in share repurchase and that is that we buy it at attractive prices. And that's -- that is what guides us. It's that simple. 80% of Henry Hub. Yes. The one word answer. [Why?] We find that Diamond Offshore with 45 rigs is able to compete very, very well in the marketplace and consolidation with another rig company at this point will not make Diamond, in my opinion, any more efficient nor more competitive. So right now we don't really see the advantage of consolidation. There was some consolidation that took place, I guess, five and seven years ago and there are fewer companies to follow in the industry, but I don't think that there has been any great benefits to the shareholders. This business is much more of a revenue business than an expense business and the key driver of the business is going to be being able to book the revenues not really -- not nearly as much in terms of controlling expense. Combined with the fact that there really aren't economies of scale in putting these companies and what drives our customers to charter our rigs is not the fact that we have a lot of rigs, but rather that we have the right rig, in the right place, at the right time for the right job. And so, being a bigger company doesn't really help that much in that regard. Yes? We just don't -- I understand what you're saying, I understand what you're asking, but we really don't want to talk about future equity offerings. Are there any other questions? One last one. The notional debt was just under $1.8 billion; it was 1.797 billion. Yes, but we don't intend to get a rating. We intend to finance it with bank debt. Absolutely positively. We've stood that, we've been saying that for a long time, that our goal is to pay down all the notional debt, and once all that's paid down, the cash flow of Carolina Group will be available for dividends for all shareholders. Well, as you know, we operate on the philosophy that each of our subsidiaries should be, number one, self financing and should be able to stand on their own. And we think it's appropriate for a company of this size and in this industry just to have some modest amounts of debt. So our goal would be to put the debt on from the very outset and have it service that debt from the very beginning. We would like CNA to pay off the preferred as rapidly as possible. And likewise, CNA would like to do that as well. The issue relates to, earnings that CNA has relates to the credit rating that CNA has, and potentially improvements in that credit rating. And the availability of the financial markets to CNA. But we have no specific timetable for that. Thank you, Mary, and good morning everyone. Last quarter I spent a great deal of time talking about the decline in the share prices of each of our publicly traded subsidiaries, starting my remarks by referring to these declines as the proverbial elephant in the room. Well, unfortunately that elephant has not gone away and chaos continues to reign over the energy markets. Case in point, on November 2, the day of our last earnings call, oil was trading just below $47 a barrel. Although we didn't like that number then it looks pretty good compared to today since oil prices have continued to plummet. On January 20, oil dropped below $27 a barrel, far below its replacement cost. If these pricing levels persist over the next two years we'll be in a drastically undersupplied oil market. Natural gas market is under the same dark cloud as the entire energy industry is being affected by this precipitous downturn which has led to a steep decline in capital spending by exploration and production companies. Oil price declines have largely been driven by the exceptional strength of supply, not by the weakness of demand. In fact, demand for oil is still growing and remains quite healthy. If there is any bright spot on which to focus, it's that the lack of drilling activity today will only help speed up the recovery in the oil market tomorrow. As they say in the oil business, the best cure for low prices is low prices. While we wait for a market rebalancing in oil prices, the reality for offshore drilling companies is stark. The drop in oil prices is causing oil companies to slash exploration and development budgets and reduce or cancel drilling contracts, decimating dayrates and idling rigs. The market for rigs of all types, including new ultra-deepwater drillships, is currently and will for the immediate future be drastically oversupplied. And although Diamond Offshore's conservative financial management has allowed it to enter this downturn on solid footing, it's not immune from these challenging industry dynamics. Diamond has had to make some tough decisions regarding its own fleet, writing down nine rigs in the fourth quarter. David Edelson will provide more details later on in the call. So that hedge was closed out sometime in the third quarter. Oh, I can tell you it categorically had nothing to do with that. Thank you, Josh, and good morning. Loews' performance in the second quarter reflects continued good business conditions for all of our subsidiaries. Each of our holdings recorded improved operating income for the period, while some even registered quite significant gains. As a result, earnings per Loews common share rose to 2.03 in the second quarter of '05 from $1.99 per share in the second quarter of '04. There are lots of moving parts in the numbers. Pete Keegan will get to the details in just a bit. CNA's income before investment gains and losses improved in the second quarter, helped in part by a federal incomes tax settlement that offset losses relating to a community reinsurance contract. CNA's property/casualty unit recorded a combined ratio of slightly less than 100 and the Company as a whole generally performed on target. A replay of CNA's second-quarter conference call, which took place earlier this morning, is available on CNA's Web site if you'd like more detail on the results. Lorillard's earnings increased significantly over the second quarter of '04, as sales volumes grew materially while promotional spending was generally unchanged. Newport's volumes improved more than 6% and its marketshare was also higher. In just a moment, Marty Orlowsky, the man behind the wheel of Lorillard, will provide all of the relevant details about Lorillard's performance this quarter. Diamond Offshore continued to benefit from very robust market conditions in offshore drilling. The company's earnings contribution to Loews increased by almost $27 million, as net income improved dramatically. Diamond Offshore's results reflect the remarkable increase in dayrates across all rate categories. Demand for rigs has been so strong that most of the Company's fleet is now contracted or committed through 2005 and well into '06. As was indicated in a recent press release issued by the Company, Diamond Offshore's Board of Directors has elected to double its quarterly dividend and it will consider paying a special dividend in the first quarter of '06. Boardwalk Pipelines also enjoyed smooth sailing in the second quarter. The addition of Gulf South pipelines to Boardwalk in December of '04 makes a year-over-year earnings comparison meaningless for the second quarter. But nonetheless, Boardwalk continues to deliver the low double-digit cash-on-cash after-tax return on equity that we set as a target. Loews Hotels was again the beneficiary of a strong lodging market. Net income increased as RevPAR for all of the Company's owned hotels improved by nearly 12%, as room rates rose significantly. Finally, Loews has elected, for the time being, not to refinance the $1.15 billion of 3 1/8% exchangeable notes that we had repaid in April. Cash flows from subsidiaries are anticipated to provide Loews with sufficient levels of capital for foreseeable corporate purposes. Additionally, reduced leverage and our continued significant net liquidity position should serve to bolster further the Company's very strong credit profile. So, to summarize, Loews Corporation has under $1.20 billion in long-term debt and more than $1.7 billion in cash. To editorialize, when will the rating agencies take note of our AA financial position? Now, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will discuss additional details relating to the financial performance of Loews this quarter. Peter? Let me talk about Boardwalk Pipelines first. Listen, I like that investment a lot. As you know, we made a $700 million investment in it. We stand ready to make additional investments in it, should we feel that the opportunity is there. Boardwalk has $4.5 billion of projects that it embarked on starting about a year and a half ago. We are just about halfway through that construction process and should be pretty much done by the first quarter of next year. Those projects in total will yield -- should yield very good returns for Boardwalk that should be accretive for it, so I am positive on the company. The company also announced either Friday or today, that it is expanding its capacity on its biggest line, its gulf crossing line that goes east from Texas, bringing out Barnett shale gas. We were able to get a very significant increase in revenues as a result of that contract that we signed. So that really proved to me that the demand is there for the pipes that we are building. The other good news is that there is a very, very significant increase in the cost of building new pipelines. So that means that the lines that we have should be all the more valuable because they are new lines and they can compete with anything that anybody else can build, and if they bill a line today my guess is the rate that they will have to charge to carry gas would be -- has to be anywhere between 50% to 100% higher than what we were charging for just a year and a half or two years ago. So all in all, that makes me very bullish about Boardwalk and its future. So we bought the shares simply because we thought they were very cheap and inexpensive relative to where the stock had been over the past seven or eight years and also where it is today and the marketplace. It is our -- I think it reflects our belief that there is a future for the offshore drilling industry. No. Yes, we can. So far so good. I am reticent to answer but what the heck, I'll sally forth anyway. My sense is that CNA is trading at two-thirds of book value, is a place where there could be significant upside opportunity. The stock is a prove me, or it has to prove itself to the market but I have seen what the management is doing. I have seen what the numbers look like, and I have a sense that they will be able to do what they say they're going to do. As we say, stay tuned and we'll all see. So for both the Mississippian Lime and also Sonora, the cash flow right now is driven primarily by gas prices and as you have heard me say, I don't think that gas prices are going to increase significantly from here. I think between $4 and $5 for natural gas we are at what I would call an equilibrium price where there is a lot of production that can come on assuming that there's demand for the natural gas. However with respect to oil and NGL, it is a completely different story in both the Mississippian Lime and especially in Sonora, we have relatively few oil and NGL wells. We are doing what I would call a major science experiment in both places trying to --. We know that there are hydrocarbons on our property and we can produce them and now we are trying to figure out how to produce them commercially and economically. And if we do figure out how to do that, and I am hopeful that we will over the next few years, then there will be significant investment opportunities for us to invest in development wells on these properties. So you asked about cash flow. My guess is that there won't be significant operating cash flow from those properties for the next several years because we are going to have to invest in the oil and NGL wells that will produce the cash flow from those properties but that over time, if we embark on this investment program, if we are able to figure out how to produce from these areas commercially, then there could be significant cash flow from the properties. At the end of the quarter, CNA's book value was about, 28 1/2. And the -- what happens is, that, if the fed raises interest rates by 100 basis points that will not necessarily have an affect on CNA's and Loews' book value. What has an affect is what happens in the intermediate sector of the of the bond market, say the 10 year as it goes up CNA investments go down and while those investments changes currently do not go through the income statement, they are reflected in the balance sheet through shareholder equity in the unrealized gain and loss section of the shareholder equity account. And we gave you the prices for the hedged amounts and then you can compute the returns for the other amounts. Making sure, of course, that you add or subtract what we call the basis, which is the cost to get our hedged product or any product to a major market. You are correct. Well, with respect to hedging, there isn't that much we can do, and to the extent that we can do it, we do it operationally through the subsidiaries. So, for example, Diamond Offshore is trying to get the longest contracts it can in order to hedge and maintain its book of business. In the pipeline business, the growth is coming with long-term contracts for the use of these pipelines so that there is some hedge there as well. As you know, it is difficult to hedge both the insurance business and the tobacco business. So, there is not so much hedging we can do. With respect to our cash and debt. We have $5.6 billion of cash. That's a gross number. We have, at the Holding Company $865 million in debt. Bob, you know I say that all the time. And in that environment, we were still able to buy two natural gas pipelines and put them together. The transition expenses, we don't really want to give that number out right now. What was the other question? My pleasure. One other thing I want to add back to the question about production volumes. The volumes I gave you were before consideration of the VPPs and the VPPs, which are volume production payments, the numbers after the VPPs would have been 26 billion cubic feet for the quarter and 51.7 billion cubic feet for the year-to-date. Well, let me talk about the gas opportunity and then let me go back to the E&P. I think gas is probably the most disruptive technology that we have in the American economy today. I think that gas today trades at $2.40 an Mcf. That is the equivalent of less than $15 a barrel of oil. It is BTUs on the cheap and we have seen a dramatic increase in gas consumption coming from power producers and gas prices have been low enough for long enough that it is really starting to attract the attention of other potential gas consumers. Specifically, I think that gas is going to dramatically increase basically from a standing start, but it is going to dramatically increase its share of market as a motor fuel. And I think that will happen for railroads and heavy trucking and also for intracity trucking. Right now, we are producing 66 billion cubic feet of natural gas a day. The rate of production has been coming down because the price is so low. But my belief is that what I call the equilibrium price of natural gas is about $4.50. At $4.50, someone who is drilling property can earn a reasonable rate of return and the price to the user at $4.50 is the equivalent of $30 a barrel. So it is one-third the price of oil. So it is still very, very cheap. And as a result, I see natural gas being used as a transportation fuel. I also see natural gas as a big export item. What people forget about natural gas production is that it is also a very big user of labor. And by my calculations, for every additional billion cubic feet of natural gas that we as a nation produce a day, that adds 7,000 to 10,000 permanent jobs in the economy. So I could easily see us in the next five to seven years increasing our natural gas production to 80 billion to 85 billion cubic feet a day. And I think that the supply curve is very flat at $4.50, that the country can produce 66 billion cubic feet a day of natural gas at $4.50 or it could produce 85 billion cubic feet a day of natural gas. So that is the macro environment for gas. In terms of our investment, yes, we would love to invest. We are also happy to invest in liquids-rich natural gas properties, as well as oil property. And we are looking to find the best opportunity we can with the best rate of return with the lowest risk and our people at HighMount are out scouring around looking for those opportunities. And we examine them with the mindset of looking to be not the biggest E&P company that there is, but the most profitable one and the one that can create the most value. And the opportunity today I believe is across the full spectrum because we have had a number of companies in the E&P space, the independent companies that, as they say, got out way too far over their skis and are going to have to sell properties or otherwise dispose of assets that can be very attractive. That is correct. At -- we're also reducing our asset-backs, and at Loews, we really haven't taken substantial credit risk in our portfolio in a long time. Rather, from time to time, we'll foray into the government bond market. But otherwise, we keep our cash relatively short. 72.9 million. Yes. Yes. Yes, it is. Absolutely positively. And I will tell you that it is very frustrating to me -- if I can get on my soap box for a second, I'll tell you that we've got in excess of $3 billion of cash. We have just over $1 billion of debt. We have securities in the form of our subsidiaries that when added to the cash, total in excess of $22 billion. We have cash flow coming into the company last year of seven or $800 million and for some bizarre reason these rating agencies are concerned that we can't pay or service our $1 billion of debt. Of the $1.1 billion in debt, 300 million is short-term. It is due in November so after the dust settles in November we will have $875 million of debt and Moody's thinks that this credit should be rated BAA 1. I would encourage all listeners to send their cards and letters to Moody's and say, &quot;What are you guys smoking?&quot; -- the Loews rating is directly and indirectly connected to the CNA rating. So, we do have to be very protective of the Loews' ratings until CNA gets breathing room in its own ratings. So, yes, it is a factor. I've tried to, in these calls, check the transcripts over the past several years. I've tried to talk about how CNA is doing, the strategies that they have been putting in place. And now I think we are seeing, after the past three quarters, that those strategies are actually starting to gain traction. Beyond that, I'm not going to stand out in front of the office with a sandwich board saying buy CNA stock. Instead, instead, as you can see, Loews has been buying its own stock. And the price of Loews stock, I think, reflects the low valuation that CNA is receiving. So that's one of the reasons that gives us so much confidence buying in our own shares. No, sorry. No, we're happy to buy businesses here that have foreign operations. I think it's a much bigger leap to buy a business based in a foreign country. First of all we keep score in dollars, secondly it's the foreign markets are markets that don't scare us but by the same token we're not fully familiar with the rules, regulations, customs and taxation. And so our hunting ground is primarily in the United States. I said I wasn't going to respond to that. I'm pleased to report you a relatively good quarter for Loews. Net income before net investment gains and losses increased more than 30 percent year-over-year. Much of the improvement was driven by the performance of CNA, which happily had what I would call a boring quarter, its second in a row. In the past year, CNA has been reinvented. It has dramatically sharpened its focus, selling noncore assets like its reinsurance group and life businesses, the latter of which is due to close in the next few days. It has completely reunderwritten its book of business, and at the same time, has also shown growth in its property casualty line. P&C premium rates continued to improve, although not quite as robustly as in the recent past. In the meantime, CNA continues on its mission to reduce expenses. CNA is fully aware of the cyclical nature of pricing in its industry, and is today well prepared to maximize the value of its property-casualty franchise, regardless of the rate environment. Lorillard is performing well in a difficult environment for full price cigarette brands. Newport continues to grow its share of the menthol and aggregate cigarette markets, while the competitive pressures from deep discount brands seems to have stabilized somewhat more recently. But I will let our resident expert, Marty Orlowsky, explain in detail in just a few moments. Diamond Offshore continues to suffer from what I call the Charlie Brown syndrome in the offshore drilling market. Diamond Offshore is ready to kick the football, but Lucy keeps pulling away. Nevertheless, it has been able to achieve almost full employment for its independent cantilevered jackup rigs, and demand for the international floater fleet is improving. The utilization of marketed international semisubmersibles is currently approaching 90 percent, which bodes well for Diamond Offshore's semisubmersible rigs. With resource prices at their current levels, we continue to expect a full recovery in rig demand in the near future. Historically, rig demand recoveries have a tendency to take off quite quickly and dramatically once exploration budgets are reignited by oil company cash flows. Texas Gas had a good quarter, again producing the consistent performance we had anticipated when we acquired the Company last year. It continues to deliver double-digit cash-on-cash returns on our investment. Loews Hotels continue to benefit from a rebounding lodging market this past quarter. Average room rates and occupancy rates were higher relative to the previous year, with New York and Miami properties again registering the strongest revenue gains. The first quarter also saw the successful completion of the first full quarter of operation of the Loews New Orleans Hotel. While it may not have made the news here, the esteemed shipping newspaper of record, Lloyd's List, ran a banner headline the other day announcing the sale of the four large super tankers that Loews' shipping partnership took delivery of two and three years ago. The sale was made in view of the enormous recovery in the shipping market, and I commend our partner, Hellespont Shipping, for their discipline to sell when times are good. The transaction will close by early August and will mark the first time in 22 years that Loews will not have an investment in super tankers. Is this the end of an era or just a hiatus? We will have to wait and see. And now, I would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will provide the more insight into the financial performance of Loews this past quarter. We are looking here. I am glad you did. Thank you very much, Darren. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call today. In the second quarter of 2009, Loews' income before net investment losses was $519 million versus $575 million in the same period of 2008. We had a solid quarter, although our results reflect a mix of factors. So we have been reducing our hedge fund investments over the past year or year and a half. What I would say is -- I have a slightly different take on this than Buffett. I would say the space has become very crowded and returns have been competed away. When 20 years ago there were one or two or 10 pairs traders, market neutral hedge funds could earn very, very attractive returns. Now that there are hundreds of them, the rate of return that those hedge funds can earn has come down rather dramatically. While Warren Buffett complained about the fees, instead we are looking at the returns and what we have seen is that in the past number of years and especially more recently, the returns haven't been there. So we have reduced our investment in hedge funds. What we are doing is we are holding those proceeds for a time when other risk assets seem to be very attractive in the marketplace. That happened between November and February of this year with bank debt and below investment grade bonds but the market recovered very quickly. But my anticipation is that in the future there will be plenty of other opportunities to invest in what we consider to be attractively priced risk assets. Martin, we tend not to explain why we do and don't buy-back stock, and so I'm going to opt not to answer that question. Well, from the Loews perspective, as you know, we repay the debt, the notional debt as dividends coming to us and our strategy is to continue paying down that notional debt as rapidly as possible so that the Company can -- so that Loews can pay out to CG shareholders as soon as possible basically all of the cash that it receives from Lorillard. Thank you, Rolf. For those of you that may not know, that was metal pipe that was actually bending like that. So now ask the boss anything you want. Time for questions and answers, and we'd be very happy if there were none. There's some, okay. Questions and Answers Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. I hope you have had a chance to look at our press release which was distributed earlier this morning. David Edelson, our CFO, will provide details on our second-quarter earnings later in this call. What you will have noticed without the help of our release, however, and what I want to knowledge upfront is the significant decline in the share prices of Diamond Offshore and Boardwalk Pipeline Partners. Since last quarter's remarks Diamond's share price has declined by nearly 35% and Boardwalk's by about 20%. While we are certainly not happy with these declines as shareholders and as capital allocators, our job is to look ahead and assess future opportunities for Diamond and Boardwalk. Yes, the equity markets are currently punishing their stocks and those of their peers. But as we look to the future we are positive about Diamond and its customers' needs to pursue offshore drilling programs and we believe the changing gas flows in the US, combined with the renaissance of US manufacturing and the transition from coal to gas powered generation, bode well for Boardwalk. Both Diamond and Boardwalk are focusing on taking strategic actions in order to better position themselves for future growth. And both companies certainly have the financial strength to undertake these actions. So first of all, I think as I said in my remarks, I think there's been really good capital management in the industry for the past 10 years. So, prior to that time, the cycles in the industry had much more volatility to them on the upside as well as the downside. But in the past 10 years or so, the industry has been relatively calm yes, some years prices may have gone up 5%, 6% or 7% and now they're going up say zero or 1%. But that's dramatically more civilized than in the old days and dramatically more civilized than say the reinsurance business. And the reason for that is because people in our sector of the markets, the middle market commercial business have been returning all their capital to shareholders. Look at Travelers, which since for the past 10 years has not seen its statutory surplus grow because its returned all the capital in the form of dividends and share repurchases. So, I think that the market going forward will be similar to what the market has been in the past several years and I think that the opportunity for CNA is to get its combined ratio down to the level of our competitors. That's generally true. Right. We are always looking to do that, but right now I can't love a child that I haven't yet adopted. I'm hopeful. And the debt load is about $700 million. So, broadly, what we are seeing is that the world has changed dramatically over the past 20 or 30 years. That is not a revolutionary statement, but it's one that I've really noticed. 20 and 30 years ago, there weren't a lot of LBO firms around. There were not too many conglomerates. So when something became available for sale, it was relatively easy to step in and buy it. Or even if something didn't become available for sale, it was again relatively easy to buy a business. Today as soon as the business decides it wants to sell itself for whatever reason, the business unless they go to Warren Buffett, they go to an investment banker and there is an auction. And so there are lots of bidders with lots of sharp pencils and analysts who know how to work Excel and the prices paid are usually very, very high. And so, what we are seeing now is the pencils are yet even sharper and the prices that are paid seem to be yet even higher in large part because I would imagine private equity firms are -- have a lot of cash that they want to invest and there's not an awful lot that is for sale. So, right now as you might imagine, we don't see a lot of opportunity in the buy-a-company world. In terms of investments for our individual businesses, we are seeing opportunities. First of all, there is CNA that is spending a few hundred million dollars to buy a minority interest in CNA Surety. At Diamond Offshore we've got investment opportunities on the order of $1 billion in buying two new drill ships and we have still an option to buy a third that expires later this month. And likewise, we are seeing at HighMount lots of what I would call bite-size investment opportunities, not companies as much as they are properties either producing or non-producing that are for sale that could possibly be attractive acquisitions for HighMount. So, I would sum up by saying that there isn't -- we haven't yet found anything for Loews Corp. to do. Having said that, we are seeing plenty of opportunities for our subsidiaries. You are correct. (multiple speakers) our internal projections show that it has both. It has a reasonably good cash flow for the joint venture or whoever the ultimate owner is and, as well, it should have reasonably similar GAAP results. The other thing that it does is that it provides a very strong anchor for one end of our system, where -- one end of the Boardwalk system, where electric and gas utilities will find it very advantageous to use that storage, which is high-release storage, so that they can get the gas that they need for, in the case of utilities, hot days and -- in the case of electric utilities hot days, and in the case of gas utilities, very cold days. No more questions, okay. So in terms of our specifying pockets and our energy investments, what we are looking for is total returns for shareholders. And right now, those opportunities happen to be in the energy area. So we are happy to take on those investments where we feel we can earn a significant return for not only the subsidiaries, but also for Loews as a shareholder in those subsidiaries. In terms of the management change at Boardwalk, as we said, Rolf has been with Boardwalk -- Rolf Gafvert has been with Boardwalk and its predecessors for 18 years. He had expressed to us about nine months ago or so a desire to retire at some point in the future. We had an extensive search process and Stan Horton quickly bubbled to the top of that search process. When we first got into the pipeline, the natural gas pipeline business in 03, Stan Horton was as best I could tell and recollect a legend in the industry; having run many of the Enron pipelines and put together and managed their I would say enviable position in the pipeline business. So if you remember, it was the pipeline business that was really the very strong positive cash flow generating business for Enron. And Stan stayed on for a few years after Enron blew up and then went on to other things in the pipeline business. So when his name came forth to our search process, I was very interested. And I think that Stan would be a great leader for Boardwalk. I think that he obviously has the experience in the business, he knows people in the business, customers and other pipeline operators. He has a strong understanding of MLPs and value creation which is very positive. We're happy that he's coming to Boardwalk and positive about Boardwalk's prospects under his leadership. We're not going to make a bet the ranch acquisition but I could see us doing an acquisition for a few hundred million dollars. Let me close by thanking you all for coming. I appreciate your interest in Loews. We're going to go back and try and create some more value for our shareholders, but before we do that, we do have scheduled some breakout sessions here. And specifically, the CNA breakout session will be held in this room and then downstairs, if you exit through the side door, there will be -- you will be directed to breakout sessions for Boardwalk, for Carolina Group and also for Diamond Offshore. So thank you very much for coming today. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. The case for -- first of all, like they say on TV, do not try this at home. If you're going to invest in the subprime market, you have to have on your staff people who are highly trained in analyzing mortgage-backed securities. It is not for the faint of heart and it is not nor the computer illiterate. It is a very difficult and meticulous craft. And what we have been doing is making very selective investments in specific tranches of subprime CDO's and structured product, with the belief that these investments, which we're making at, say, $0.60 or $0.70 on the dollar, will return our purchase price in full, very possibly will return us par over time. And where, in the meantime, we are collecting close to a double-digit current return, based on interest payments. So --. Yes, in excess of $1b. Thank you, Darren. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on our call today. For the first quarter of 2011, Loews reported net income of $382 million, a decline from net income of $420 million in last year's first quarter. The decline in Loews earnings resulted primarily from lower average day rates at Diamond Offshore and a decline in earnings at CNA. We started off 2011 with a relatively quiet first quarter but rest assured, all of our subsidiaries are working hard towards achieving their long-term strategic goals. While CNA reported solid results, net income for the quarter declined modestly versus the same period in 2010. CNA's core property and casualty operations performed well, posting higher operating income for the quarter and increase in catastrophe losses was more than offset by higher investment income and improved underwriting results before catastrophes. CNA continues to improve the financial performance of its core property and casualty operations while seeking to grow in its focus areas. The work that's been done over the past two years is gaining traction as evidenced by net written premium growth of 13% in CNA's specialty segment in the first quarter while rate was essentially flat. In its commercial segment, CNA gained two points of rate as we continued to push for improved pricing and risk selection. CNA has now achieved rate increases for six consecutive quarters in its commercial segment even as it works to exit lower tier less profitable business. By now you've probably seen the announcement of CNA's definitive merger agreement with CNA Surety. This transaction offers compelling benefits for both companies. It will allow minority shareholders of CNA Surety to monetize their investment at a substantial premium to their historical stock price and for CNA, it's an opportunity to expand further its specialty franchise. CNA expects the transaction to be completed by the end of June. In summary, we're very pleased with CNA's results. We believe that the improvements underway over the past several quarters are taking hold and that CNA is well-positioned to continue making progress on improving its financial and operational results. Moving on to Diamond Offshore, Diamond's income for the quarter decreased as compared to 2010 primarily due to lower revenues from a decline in average day rates and lower utilization rates for jackups. However, oil prices have improved since the beginning of 2011 and broader markets around the world appear to be stable to improving. In the ultradeep water market, there is an upward trend in day rates with indications of strong interest from the major and national oil companies. The deepwater market shows signs of a positive trend with market strength developing while the mid-water market is relatively flat. Diamond's exposure to the mid-water spot market is somewhat mitigated by the fact that roughly half of its mid-water fleet is working in Brazil under long-term contracts. So even though earnings at Diamond have come down from deep levels, results nonetheless represented a pretty good quarter. Turning now to Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, today it was announced that Stan Horton has been named President of Boardwalk GP LLC effective today and later this month will assume the additional role of Chief Executive Officer. Stan's background includes 10 years as President and COO of [Shanir Energy] and a gaggle of leadership positions at several interstate pipeline companies. Most recently he was the President of CrossCountry Energy and Panhandle Energy. He's also served as CEO of Enron Transportation Services Company. We are very pleased to have a leader of Stan's caliber and experience taking over at Boardwalk. We would like to thank Rolf Gafvert for his 18 years of service and leadership at Boardwalk and its predecessor companies including more than four years as Chief Executive Officer. We wish him well as he steps down from his responsibility as CEO. And finally, Loews finished the first quarter of 2011 with $4.6 billion of cash and investments. So far this year from January 1 of 2011 through April 29 we have repurchased 6.4 million shares of Loews common stock for a total cost of approximately $273 million or approximately $42.42 per share. But who's counting? And with that, I will now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete? It's all of the above I would say. Number one, in terms of the securities markets, especially the fixed income markets, while on the one hand we've seen a significant rally in treasuries, we have seen just about the opposite reaction in all other securities. So that bank loans are down 10 points from where they were a year ago, which is an enormous amount. You see what's going on in the mortgage market, and likewise there's also been significant declines of securities in the high yield and other markets. So we think that this is a time of opportunity, not stress for us, to make investments for our portfolio, that over the intermediate to long term will be very, very attractive. With respect to &quot;acquisitions,&quot; we continue to look and for sure, prices are down today compared to where they were six months and a year ago, but also the outlook for the future is much cloudier now. So we are -- we look at a lot of things, we look very carefully, and for sure, we don't want to put ourselves in a position where we buy something one day and then two weeks later we find it's worth half of what we paid for it. So we're being very careful and -- in our search and we feel there's no need to be in a rush. Well, the Company produces about 120 billion cubic feet per year, but there are some what we call VVP's, volumetric production payments that we have to pay that I think this year is about 8 or 10 B's. After that there won't be any VPP's at all. So you can compute the revenues by multiplying the net volume by whatever price you want to assume. Yes. Yes, it is. You know, it is part of a conscious plan to focus on cash. We at the holding company think that earnings are nice but it doesn't buy you very much. And cash is the legal tender in this country that gives you buying power. So, we strongly encourage our subsidiaries to pay cash to -- up to the parent in the form of dividends, up to the parent and a minority holder of those subsidiaries. And that, to us, really reflects the true worth of our subsidiaries. So, the conscious plan is to collect cash at the parent company and then for the parent company to wait for the opportune time to deploy that cash. In terms of acquisitions, we keep looking, we keep kicking tires. You are right, equity values have gone up but interest rates are still very low and we haven't given up in our quest to look for something and find something that fits us and is just right for us. So, as you look out at the United States there are different areas that have different costs of -- different areas have different costs of producing natural gas, different economics. But, generally, we have assumed that after the Marcellus the next area that's going to come on with additional production would be a place like the Haynesville. And Sonora is behind the Haynesville and a few other shales, such that those other areas will probably have to come on first before it is economic for us to drill for natural gas in Sonora. We haven't spoken to them. But you can be sure that we will. CNA has put in 5 very consistent quarters, and have totally refocused itself. So I think that CNA at the very least should have the negative outlook erased from its, expunged from its record. And I'm looking forward to that. And also at some point -- I don't know exactly when, but I'm looking for an upgrade in CNA claims paying ability. When you look at CNA based on statistics, CNA should probably be rated 2 rating levels higher. And what CNA has to do now with the rating agency is show that it can continue to earn these consistent earnings. I have every belief that they will be able to achieve that, and I hope that the rating agencies decide to raise the ratings after 6 or 8 quarters as opposed to 10 or 12 quarters. But we'll have to wait on that. With respect to Loews Corporation, I don't understand what the rating agencies are looking for. The Moody's rating I consider to be ridiculous -- Baa1. We have, as you know, more cash than debt. We have significant cash coming in in the form of dividends from subsidiaries. We have improving businesses across the board. We have multiple businesses so that we don't have the risk of any 1 particular business. I mean, in my opinion, the credit of Loews is as close as an industrial company can come to being bulletproof, yet Moody's still has us at Baa1. And you can be sure that when we speak to them, we say to them the same thing that we're saying to you. And we say it with the same vigor and vehemence. Will have you're correct, there was a filing for rehearing on Friday. However, I'm going to put it in these terms I think there are -- what we are seeing is two things. Number one, equities trading at significant discounts to where they had previously been trading. And we are also seeing projects for our subsidiaries that offer what seems to be very enticing returns. So while we haven't done anything, we are looking carefully at capital programs and at other opportunities. So for both the Mississippian Lime and also Sonora, the cash flow right now is driven primarily by gas prices and as you have heard me say, I don't think that gas prices are going to increase significantly from here. I think between $4 and $5 for natural gas we are at what I would call an equilibrium price where there is a lot of production that can come on assuming that there's demand for the natural gas. However with respect to oil and NGL, it is a completely different story in both the Mississippian Lime and especially in Sonora, we have relatively few oil and NGL wells. We are doing what I would call a major science experiment in both places trying to --. We know that there are hydrocarbons on our property and we can produce them and now we are trying to figure out how to produce them commercially and economically. And if we do figure out how to do that, and I am hopeful that we will over the next few years, then there will be significant investment opportunities for us to invest in development wells on these properties. So you asked about cash flow. My guess is that there won't be significant operating cash flow from those properties for the next several years because we are going to have to invest in the oil and NGL wells that will produce the cash flow from those properties but that over time, if we embark on this investment program, if we are able to figure out how to produce from these areas commercially, then there could be significant cash flow from the properties. With respect to CNA, we're hopeful that some of the negative outlooks will soon come off. CNA has performed at least as well as we have told the rating agencies that it would perform. CNA has delivered on everything that it had promised the rating agencies going back nine months to a year now. And in the context of CNA boring is very, very good. And I think they will take some time, take their time with respect to upgrading CNA because they want to have confidence that CNA is not going to have another reserve charge and so we're going to have to be patient on that. As I said, I think that sooner, rather than later, we'll see the negative outlooks come off. With respect to Loews, for the life of me, I don't understand some of the ratings that we're getting, especially from Moody's which I think has us rated as BW-1 and we already have more cash than we do debt. We have over $500 million a year of cash-free, free, free-cash-flow, totally uncommitted coming into Loews each year and we have less than 2 1/2 billion dollars of debt. And that 500 million is after all of the debt service. And we have a diversified book of business and in my mind no reason Loews should have such a low rating. I don't know because what we have seen over the years is tremendous improvement in efficiency of these drilling rigs. I don't have the numbers at my fingertips but gas rigs, for example, are down dramatically from five years ago yet gas production is up significantly. So I don't quite know what those numbers look like. Or what the numbers are in answer to your question. I'd suggest you try asking the people at Baker Hughes or Halliburton who would have a much better idea of what that is. There have been very few asset transactions in the industry recently other than scrapping of rigs. So it really is quite difficult to say what is the fair market value today for something like a fifth or sixth generation rig. So since there have been no transactions we don't fully know what the asset values as determined by the market currently are. Is correct. Yes. We think about that all the time. Good morning. I'll tell you -- let me tell you what we did. We bought a few hundred thousand shares of CNA. We bought it after the earnings release. I think we had to wait a day or two. And then we were limited as to how much we could buy based on the SEC rules and guidelines. We bought it for a very simple reason -- it was dirt cheap. Just to let you know what was going through our heads when we bought it. CNA, after we reported our earnings, was trading at under $12 a share. It has a $28 book value. It has close to a $36 book value when you exclude the mark-to-market loss on bonds. And it just seemed to us that trading at one third of that book value was just too low a price. And so we were happy to buy whatever we could at those prices. Don't do that. Too many people will be disappointed. My view on the debt crisis and the government shutdown was that, number one, I assumed that eventually the government would reopen; and number two, I assumed that all interest and principal on the debt would be paid on a timely basis. And that in fact that whole crisis that we experienced from September -- mid-September to mid-October, while it took up the front pages of the newspaper and took a lot of ink in the investment world, it really wasn't that important in terms of thinking about long-term investing. And the issues that were around before the crisis and after the crisis are really the ones that are our focus on deciding when, where and how to invest. Yes. We thought he actually sounded pretty good. That's correct. Ancient history. But the other thing I should say is that we are buying these, but we are not going whole hog into them. We've bought a goodly amount but we're always careful to avoid too much concentration and too much risk to our capital. So, I am glad you asked about five years instead of six months or one year. Because five years I think I might actually be able to give you a thoughtful answer. And I would see that five years from now oil prices will be at least 50% higher than they currently are. That in order to find a barrel of oil today it probably costs a minimum of $70 a barrel to get that marginal barrel of oil that is needed. My guess is five years from now it will be a bit higher than that. And I think what has to happen is the world has -- the world oil producers have to supply the 1 million barrels of growth plus approximately 5 million barrels to replace the depletion from the world's productive capacity. So that 6 million barrels a day has to be found every year for the next five years or about 30 million barrels of new production. In order for the world to be able to produce that, even with Iran coming back onto the market in the not-too-distant future, I think it will take significantly higher oil prices. And five years from now I think it is certainly reasonable to think that the price will be $70, 75 or $80 a barrel. That doesn't account for another wildcard, which is political instability. A lot of oil comes from the Middle East and we haven't -- while we have political instability in the Middle East in certain places, we don't currently have that -- having a significant effect on oil production. But in the future, as we all know, anything can happen. You know, I am not a registered rep. I don't give out public investment advice. There are an awful lot of different ways to play what I think I and you are describing as the improvement in oil and natural gas prices. And it all depends on the risk parameters that you're willing to take and the amount of leverage that you want, a whole host of factors that I think it's inappropriate for me to opine on right now. Carol, let me make just one clarification, which is that we have a similar share to Phillip Morris, USA, and RAI, Reynolds American has two shares because they have both American -- RJR and [BAT]. Yes. For example, in September, we got down to gas prices with a $5 handle on it, and now we're up to $7.5 or $8. First of all, with respect to the hotel in Miami, I think we closed for about a day or two. I didn't say that entirely, but what I am saying is that when we look at the operating income that we're able to earn from the rigs compared to the value that we might conceivably be able to sell them for -- especially after we take into account any tax that the Company might have to pay on such a sale, that the arithmetic to us is pretty simple and we don't want to sell our fleet. No, I think, right now, things are generally priced for perfection. And as I continuously say, we kick a lot of tires, but we just haven't found the right thing. The correct response is yes. We look for both. Two things. Number one, gas prices to rise would be very nice. And number two, HighMount continues to -- continues its science experiment as it looks for -- looks to see how it can produce oil economically in its oil properties. Thank you, John and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on our call today. As have you seen in our press release this morning, Loews reported a $958 million loss from continuing operations for the fourth quarter and a $182 million loss for the full year. Both of these figures include realized investment losses at CNA and non-cash impairment charges at HighMount Exploration and Production. While these results come as a disappointment, we are fully confident in each of our businesses and their ability to deliver solid earnings over the longer term. Let me quickly review the performance of our subsidiaries. CNA is performing well in its core property and casualty business, with its continued focus on underwriting discipline, claims efficiency and expense management. In its core property and casualty operations, which include specialty and standard lines, CNA reported a combined ratio of 89.1 in the fourth quarter and was aided by 11.8 points of favorable reserve development. The full year combined ratio was 98.0, including 4.4 points of favorable development, offset by 5.7 points of catastrophe losses. CNA's other key operating metrics of premium rate and retention in its core property and casualty operations all reflect the Company's solid market position. CNA's investment portfolio has been bruised but its capital position and reserves are solid. CNA continues to generate significant positive cash flow and possesses a high degree of liquidity, including at year end, more than $500 million in short-term investments at the CNA holding Company level. Furthermore, liquidity is not an issue for CNA's insurance companies because of their strong operating cash flow and because their investment assets and liabilities are well matched in terms of duration. CNA has the ability and the intention to hold its available for sale, unrealized loss securities until price recovery or until they mature. When these securities recover in value or ultimately mature, CNA's book value should show a commensurate increase. Tom Motamed began his new role as CEO of CNA on January 1 of this year. When it was announced that still Steve Lillienthal was retiring, we never could have imagined the state of the economy and the financial markets that Tom would have to face in his first day on the job. We were glad, however, to have someone of Tom's caliber to step in and continue building upon the successful legacy left by Steve. Since HighMount Exploration and Production began operations as a Loews subsidiary on July 31, '07 we have already been through an entire natural gas pricing cycle, with natural gas prices going from $7 to $14 and now back down to having a $4 handle. This massive pricing shift over a short period of time illustrates why we chose to buy long lived reserves because we cannot accurately predict the short-term movement of natural gas prices. The non-cash charges taken by HighMount relate to goodwill impairment and ceiling tests that are performed periodically by all E&P companies that utilize the full cost accounting method. Because the ceiling test uses pricing as of December 31, it represents a somewhat extreme valuation metric that is taken at one point in time. Despite these two non-cash impairments, our fundamental thesis, that over the long term natural gas is a good investment, remains unchanged. Notwithstanding HighMount's significant gas price hedges in place for '09, with energy prices at their current depressed levels, HighMount plans to cut back on its drilling program. Our reserves remain in place, however and HighMount can again boost its drilling when natural gas prices recover to more economic levels. Boardwalk finished the year by posting good fourth quarter results and announcing continued significant progress on its remaining expansion projects, all of which are in service and flowing gas. Final completion is scheduled over the next few months. These pipeline expansions transport natural gas out of the prolific shale and other unconventional plays in Texas, Oklahoma and Arkansas. As the gas-flow through these new pipelines ramps up, there is a positive impact on revenue and operating cash flow for Boardwalk. In October of last year, we announced our willingness to invest up to $1 billion to fund the completion of Boardwalk's announced expansion projects. And subsequent to that, we invested approximately $500 million in Boardwalk common units. To finished planned construction projects, Boardwalk now estimates that its remaining financing requirements will be less than $500 million. And that the majority of these unfunded capital expenditures can be financed by issuing debt securities. There are signs that the capital markets are beginning to thaw and we are hopeful that Boardwalk will be able to raise this capital on its own. If, however, the terms demanded from the public markets prove unacceptable, then our commitment still stands to fund the remainder of these attractive projects. We know and understand these projects well and we continue to expect that they will generate significant cash flows for years to come. With good cash flow from its expanding asset base, Boardwalk recently announced the 12th consecutive increase in its cash distribution, to $0.48 per unit for the fourth quarter. Diamond Offshore achieved record earnings for the full year, thanks to high utilization rates and record day rates for its offshore drilling rates. Tempering our enthusiasm is weakening demand brought about by the fall in oil and natural gas prices. However, Diamond's existing contract backlog of just over $10 billion should help to mitigate the impacts of softening demand in the marketplace. After making a number of sizable investments in our subsidiaries during the year, Loews finished 2008 with $2.3 billion of cash and investments and only $866 million of debt at the holding Company level. Loews has maintained an ultra conservative financial posture for the past 1.5 year, since the first signs of economic trouble started to appear on the horizon. Said another way, we remain hunkered down during this time of great uncertainty, when nobody knows when or to what extent we will see economic recovery. Fortunately for Loews, with our liquid balance sheet and conservative capital structure, we are well positioned to weather the current economic crisis, as is each of our subsidiary companies. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete? No, no, no. That's just to develop the proved undeveloped. No, we are not, but the equity positions, as you well know, could be liquidated rather quickly. And with respect to our hedge funds, that portfolio was designed in part to be able to be liquidated over a number of quarters. And then beyond that, we have the standard run of securities, many of which yield close zero, repo's, and other short-term investments. And then just some modest fixed tern investments. This quarter, the increase that you saw in investment income at the Loews level was due primarily to the change in market value of that portfolio of equity securities as well as the limited partnership investments. I'm hopeful. What I want to do is I want to treat spinoff questions and split-off questions the same way we treat share repurchase questions. And that is, I don't want to give you a sense of what we're doing for the simple reason that if we do, there's a good possibility that people on the Street will shoot against whatever it is we're trying to accomplish. So at this point in time, I think it's better for us just to remain silent on what the ultimate plans are. Thank you, Don. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews wrapped up the year with a solid fourth quarter that benefited from good operating results at CNA, ongoing earnings strength at Diamond Offshore and improved investment income from the Holding Company investment portfolio. CNA reported solid net operating income for both the quarter and full year primarily due to improvement in net investment income. In '09 Tom Motamed, the CEO of CNA, launched a strategy to drive top and bottom line growth and in support of this strategy CNA has strengthened its leadership team, opened new field offices and added underwriting staff. Within its core property and casualty operations, CNA specialty segment continued to deliver very strong performance, and within its commercial segment the improvement initiatives are beginning to take hold. CNA has seen continued recovery of its investment portfolio which together with earnings has boosted CNA's book value per common share by 72% from year end '08. Representing a $5.4 billion pretax improvement in its unrealized gain position. Last quarter during our earnings conference call I elaborated on how mark-to-market accounting rules could potentially be misleading with respect to unrealized losses at property and casualty insurance company. While it was unpleasant last year to see unrealized losses on the after side of the balance sheet, we believe that the bulk of the securities held by CNA would ultimately recover in value as they have. CNA finished '09 with its balance sheet and investment portfolio in very good shape. The reason I am revisiting this issue, however, is that at some point in the future interest rates could rise in the United States. Should this occur, or more realistically when this occurs, most P&C insurance companies, including CNA, would likely suffer a negative impact on the market value of their fixed income investment portfolios which would in turn have a negative impact on GAAP book value. But because CNA's portfolio is generally comprised of securities that attempt to match the duration and liquidity requirements of its insurance liabilities, a decline in market values caused by an interest rate rise would not meaningfully impact the Company's ability to pay claims. We therefore tend to focus on book value per share before unrealized gains and losses. And notwithstanding the decline in stated GAAP book value as a result of increasing interest rates, there is an offsetting benefit to a higher interest rate environment. CNA would be able to invest its significant cash flows into higher yielding securities. During the fourth quarter CNA completed a $350 million bond offering at a competitive yield which underscores the market confidence in CNA's financial strength. Of the proceeds $250 million were used to redeem preferred stock owned by Loews which continues to hold $1 billion of the preferred shares in CNA. For '09 Diamond Offshore posted record earnings stemming from strong day rates and utilization rates for its semi-submersible drilling rigs. Energy prices have recovered from one year ago, but the uncertain economic outlook has somewhat dampened demand for offshore drilling services and the day rates that Diamond has been able to command for new contracts. Despite these market challenges, Diamond entered 2010 with a contract backlog of about $8.5 billion and with approximately 75% of its floater fleet fully committed. As you may know, Diamond has a policy of considering the payment of special cash dividends reflecting the earnings, financial position, and the earnings outlook for the Company. In that regard, Diamond's Board of Directors last week declared a special and regular quarterly dividend together totaling $2 per share representing a $140 million payment to Loews. Boardwalk closed out the year with a strong fourth quarter both in terms of progress made on its expansion projects and the positive impact these expansion projects are having on cash flow. Boardwalk has declared a cash distribution for the fourth quarter of $0.50 per unit continuing its track record of increasing cash distribution to unit holders each quarter since its initial public offering in '05. Loews' cash receipts from Boardwalk dividends last quarter was $69 million. As previously disclosed, all of Boardwalk's 42&quot; pipeline expansion projects have received approval from the Pipeline and the Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA, to operate at their full design capacity. On its 36&quot; projects, the Fayetteville and Greenville laterals, Boardwalk is able to meet all customer requirements until mid-2011 by operating the pipelines at normal operating pressures. The Company is seeking approval from PHMSA to operate the Fayetteville lateral at higher operating pressures which would allow Boardwalk to further increase capacity. Given the strong demand for pipeline capacity from the Haynesville Shale production area, Boardwalk has announced two compression projects to boost capacity on its East Texas pipeline system. The Clarence compression project and the Haynesville project will leverage Boardwalk's flexible and integrated pipeline system and should generate favorable project economics. Once in service these projects will be supported by long life contracts averaging more than 11 years. Importantly, Boardwalk has completed all the necessary financing and has enough liquidity in place to complete all of its announced projects including the newest compression projects. With strong cash flow from our subsidiaries, Loews Corporation finished 2009 with $3 billion of cash and investments and only $866 million of debt at the Holding Company level. During the year we repurchased 10.5 million shares of our common stock for $348 million. This represents 2.4% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. From January 1st through February 5th of this year we bought an additional 1.6 million shares for $57 million. With that, I will now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete. That's correct. The only split beyond 50% is everything and I don't think we are ever going to get there. Our intention is to always maintain our conservative investment strategy. That's just the way we invest, and we're always looking for something to acquire, but if the right thing doesn't turn up, then we'll just continue, we're happy to continue holding our cash and doing what we've been doing. Yes. I think -- and I have felt this way for a few years now -- that acquisitions in this environment are very difficult for a few reasons. Number one, because the future is really not clear. I don't have a clear view of whether the economy is going to grow at 2%, 4% or 0%, and there still are an enormous number of uncertainties that those of us that manage businesses have to deal with day in and day out. That is number one. Number two, there really aren't a lot of properties or assets that are for sale at prices that I think would be attractive for Loews shareholders. So, we are happy to continue to own our businesses. We are happy to repurchase shares. And we are happy to have significant amounts of cash on our balance sheet. So we don't feel any strong urge or itch to go out and do a big deal. Yes, it's rather difficult these days, but we have been badgering a number of securities firms to take up coverage of Loews. I would encourage anyone that's listing on this call that (indiscernible) any of the major securities firms that aren't currently covering Loews to take a coverage -- to do that. Send your cards and letters to the Director of Research at Citigroup or CSFB. We make ourselves as available as possible for them to take up coverage and we very much like it. We also make ourselves accessible to investors, should they have questions, and we're doing all that we can in order to try to increase liquidity in the stock. I really can't comment because I don't know specifically the nature of the assets that XTL is acquiring. No, you're exactly right. Number one in terms of the operations of the hotel -- they have been focused on cutting costs dramatically, so in an attempt to improve the operating margins. And in fact, occupancy is doing very well, or reasonably well. The real problem is average room rate, which is down, depending upon the property, anywhere between 20% and 35%. And so that's causing the decline in RevPAR. The good news is that it's not just happening to us, that this is an industry-wide phenomenon. I'm sure you've read in the newspapers of certain hotels being taken back by the mortgage holders. So it's my guess that at some point in time, we are going to see a significant number of hotels hit the market for sale and we will view that as an opportunity to acquire some properties at attractive prices. For the past 10 or 15 years, at least, hotels have traded at real premium prices. And I've said that they are the equivalent of the poor man's football team. If you can't own the football team in town, you might as well own the best hotel. And as a result, as I said, they have traded at very steep prices. It's my expectation that in the coming quarters, we will see hotels that can be acquired at more attractive prices. And ideally, what will happen is drop-downs are very common in the MLP space. We would hope and expect that over the coming years, as Boardwalk is able to finance it, we will -- Loews or the JV will sell interest in Petal and Hattiesburg to Boardwalk, so that the ultimate goal is that this will be 100% owned by Boardwalk. I think the biggest level of opportunity for those that want to pursue things that are down and out is the energy market. And we read in the newspapers lots of people who -- lots of people and organizations that are loading their guns looking to make investments in the energy market. Beyond that I don't see anything that's as obvious. And I think part of the problem goes back to interest rates. Interest rates are extraordinarily low. With 10-year notes trading below 2% and long bonds trading at 2.5%, there is no doubt in my mind that the what the Federal Reserve has done through its quantitative easing is created a squeeze in the long end of the market. There are plenty of investors that need long dated securities for pension funds and other types of products that they offer, and they just can't get enough of those securities. The Fed owns probably $4 trillion -- $3.5 trillion or $4 trillion of long dated securities, those are securities that are out of the market. So as a result there is a squeeze as people clamor for securities that just are not available. So I believe that intermediate to long rates are at manipulated low rates and the problem with that is that the 10- and 30-year treasury act as benchmarks for all manner of investments in the financial markets and the real estate markets and the capital spending market. So those that are making the decision on either stocks, capital spending or real estate are using a benchmark that, in my opinion, is below its free market rate and that is going to -- that causes many, many assets to be overpriced compared to where we would think the fair market value of those assets is. Yes, the shale boom I think has surprised everybody. We bought HighMount in '07, gas prices proceeded to go up for a year. When we bought HighMount, gas prices were about $7.50 in Mcf. They almost doubled in the next year, going to $14.50 in Mcf in July of '08, and then they went down steadily. At one point, it hit the $1 handle about a year ago, and that's all due to the shale boom, I believe. The shale boom really became recognized as a permanent phenomenon in those sum -- beginning in the summer of '08, and people now have a pretty good understanding of just how significant it is and it is rather significant. Having said that, I would say that natural gas prices at $4 an Mcf are below the cost of production, even for many of the shale players. So I think that two things will happen in the world of natural gas. Number one, I think that slowly but surely production will come down because the industry is operating -- many people in the industry are operating at negative cash flow. And the other thing that will happen is that natural gas consumption, I believe, over the next several years will increase significantly. Right now, natural gas trades for about 30% of the per BTU that oil trades for, and I think that that spread is just too big to last for a long time. And I think what we're going to see is increased consumption of natural gas to the detriment of oil consumption. But as I said, that's not going to happen in a month or two. That will take a few years for that to happen, but it could add a few percentage points of consumption every year to natural gas. Langen McAlenney, I just want everybody to know that I know the name of your firm. We see cap rates remaining about the same. We like all of the properties that we own, and we have no intention of selling any of them, but this is also a good opportunity for me to put it in an advertisement for something that we are aggressively pursuing in Washington, which is that even if we wanted to sell some hotels, chances are, it would not be economic to do so, and the reason for that is that corporations unlike individuals have to pay long term capital gains tax rates of 35%, so that if we wanted to sell our hotel, the wedge between the pre-tax and after-tax proceeds would be so great so that it would make the pre-tax, it would make the after-tax deal uneconomic. So we have started a coalition of like minded companies and we're hopeful to be able to get this heard before Congress and actually enacted into law. I think if it is enacted into law, what they will see is that in fact long term corporate tax gains collections by the Treasury will increase over where they are today. So we're hopeful that we may be able to get some traction in getting this approved. Boardwalk is an MLP that's in the natural gas transmission business and we view that as distinctly separate and apart from the gas exploration and production business. Sure. The Marcellus Shale has turned the pipeline industry on its head. About three years ago there was virtually no gas production in the Marcellus shale and today there is about 11 billion cubic feet of production. That is in the context of the US total production of about -- using the [PIRA] numbers about 66.5 billion cubic feet per day. The Northeast consumes about on average 12 billion cubic feet a day. So the system that had been put in place to transport natural gas from Texas, Louisiana and the Gulf of Mexico up to Ohio, Pennsylvania and the Northeast, because of the Marcellus increased production has really changed -- the demand for the transportation to the Northeast has changed dramatically. And that is a major part of what is going on right now. By the way, this is Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney. I think I'm the first Operator who got the name right. My pleasure. -- natural gas moving back down towards $4. No, not significant. You're talking about the holding company level I assume? You know, we don't really use IRR's. Please don't tell the business schools that. IRR is one thing to use, but an IRR is simply a computation done from a forecast. And forecasts -- sometimes the time can be wrong. And so when we make investments, very often we don't look at IRR's. What we look at is what's the downside to the investment. How much can we lose? What's the risk? And we tend not to think about how high something can go. But, just to fill that out, so we are looking to buy good, solid businesses at attractive valuations that we believe can fit within our stable of businesses and that will be one that will add value for all Loews shareholders over a long period of time. So, for example, when we bought offshore drilling rigs, IRR was not an issue. They weren't earning any money, and we didn't see that they were going to earn any money anytime soon. Instead, what we saw were assets that we were buying at very, very cheap valuations, $5 million a rig, and we figured, as long as we had the ability to stay in the business, then we could, at some point in time, make some money, make some real money. And that's exactly what happened. The same is true for our investment in supertankers in the early 1980s. Now, I contrast that with, say, our investment in the gas pipelines, where there we saw -- we did look at IRR but more specifically we looked at cash flow to Loews. We bought Texas Gas Transmission in 2003. At the time interest rates were 1%, and we saw that we were able to earn 12% or 13% after-tax cash on cash returns on our investment. And so there, 1% return pre-tax, 12% after-tax -- it was pretty easy to make the decision to go into East Texas gas. No, we have no plans. Yes, Boardwalk is going to save hundreds of millions of dollars that otherwise would have been paid as our dividends, but now can be used to finance these capital projects. And as you have heard me say before, and I will say it again, I think there will be lots of opportunities for Boardwalk to invest at attractive rates. Yes, there is no doubt that the Company is suffering from the effects of the Marcellus -- the increased Marcellus and Utica shale production. But the other thing that is going on is that the amount of natural gas that's going to be produced in the United States is increasing and will increase dramatically. Natural gas produced in the United States now is about 66 billion cubic feet per day. In the next 10 years that could increase by one-third with the effects of increased gas consumption in the United States, as well as the exports of natural gas. All that gas is going to have to move on pipelines from one place to another, and that is going to mean that there will have to continue to be a very significant buildup of our natural gas pipeline system. And Boardwalk is now very well positioned to be able to participate in that and to benefit from it. The parent company would invest more money into HighMount if we find the right opportunities. Obviously, we'd prefer for HighMount to be able to finance it on its own, but given the right opportunity, Loews will be there to make the investment. Well, this year we're using the capital to reinvest in the business, drilling puds and other wells and we expect some modest cash flow to Loews. We will make the comment when we make the comment and we don't want to comment before then. We'll let all of our filings speak for themselves. There are -- not only is there the universal partnership but there are also partnerships with respect to a number of other hotels. No, there is no reason, but I'd just like to challenge your premise a bit. Good morning. So we have -- as of the end of the first quarter, we had $3.5 billion of cash, about $500 million or $600 million of that is in equities of one sort or another. Another $700 million or so is in hedge fund investments. That has two particular characteristics. Number one, they tend to be market-neutral types of hedge funds. Although there is no such thing as market-neutral and number two, liquidity was very important, our ability to get the cash back if we need it. The other $2.25 billion is invested primarily in treasury bills and other non-earning assets. Sure. Let me talk about just what's driving the pay down of the debt. And that is that number one, our goal is to pay down the debt as quickly as possible. And Loews has maintaining a cash position of a maximum $150 million for the benefit of CG. And everything over that goes to pay down CG's debt. My guess, although I haven't seen the numbers yet for this quarter, is that there will be a pay down authorized by the Board in the coming weeks. Those are between the two parties. We did not say it, no. It really is an issue for both companies, because the ratings of Loews affect the ratings of CNA. Yes, the key balance sheet items are -- we sold HighMount in its entirety, we got cash for that. We have no properties and I don't think that we booked anything in terms of taxes. We do have a tax loss carry forward that should benefit us over the next several years. You know, we'll get back to you on that. Right now, in this quarter there were no Carolina Group gains. Yes, but additionally you wouldn't build a new second-generation rig today and second if you wanted to build a new second-generation rig it wouldn't cost you $600 million but since nobody's built a second-generation rig in the past 25 years, it's difficult to say what the replacement value of that is. Yes. We think about that all the time. Yes. It does free up some of the cash that we have. There would have been a significant amount of cash that would have been needed for the Bluegrass project, and now that is looking much less likely. There may be a special dividend from Lorillard that is used to help pay down the notional debt. But aside from that we only anticipate regular dividends. So, the problem with reinsurance and long-term care is that it is so long tailed and what you're doing when you buy reinsurance in large part is taking a big credit debt on your counterparty. To-date, we have decided not to take that debt because it creates all manner of accounting issues and other issues that we feel just aren't worthwhile for us. No, this is the same as it has always been which is that we keep the Board informed of our purchases, but we don't have any specific authorization for a specific number of shares. Yeeah, there were no significant changes. We have about $500 million or $600 million of equities. We have another $700 million or so of hedge funds and then we have the rest primarily in cash and other cash like instruments. Yes, Andy, we haven't released those yet, so I don't want to put them out now. Chances are they will come out in our 10K. Thank you. No, this is the same as it has always been which is that we keep the Board informed of our purchases, but we don't have any specific authorization for a specific number of shares. That is correct. Yes. Yes. Let me just say. With respect to our businesses, while it may sound inconsistent, it isn't, because I was talking about very, very long-term trends. And I'm not talking about what's going to happen tomorrow or the next day. From my perspective, it's really frustrating. The stock, as you said, the stock trades recently as much as $1 below the value of the public pieces. That doesn't take into account the nonpublic pieces. And the nonpublic pieces include our cash net of debt, so $2.4 billion less the $867 million of long-term debt. It includes our GP interest in the Boardwalk pipeline. It includes Loews' hotels. It includes our investment in HighMount Exploration. It includes $200 million that we have in debt of Boardwalk Pipeline. And it includes $1.25 billion of CNA preferred stock. So sometimes I feel when I think about Loews like the guy who is hawking something on TV, saying but there's more, and there's more, and there's more! And, listen, the market is well aware of that, but it selects not to pay attention to it. The market is also well aware, I'm sure, of -- but I'll reiterate it now just to make sure. The market is well aware of, number one, our quest to build long-term value, our track record in doing that. Last number I saw was 16% compound annual rate of return over the past 49 or 50 years. And if you go back more recently, I saw a figure from 1981 of 19% compound annual rate of return. So I'm not complaining, because rather than complain, what we have done from time to time when the market doesn't recognize the value is repurchase shares. And just to repeat one more time, we have a history of repurchasing shares going back to the 1970s and every decade. We have purchased at least 25% of our outstanding shares in that decade so that in 1970, we started off with the equivalent today of 1.3 billion shares and at last count, that's down to 433 million. So thank you for that question, allowing me to stand up on my soap box and give a little rant. My crystal ball is still pretty cloudy, yes. Well, first of all, we are not a large hotel Company, so a lot of what drives us is based on a few markets, primarily the Florida market and secondarily the New York market. Those markets have been reasonably good for us but it doesn't reflect the full national trend. And I don't know what the other companies have experienced in the first quarter but I thought, that in view of what's going on in the economy and the financial markets, that the hotel business actually turned in pretty good results. That's how he pronounces it, so that is how I pronounce it. Like everybody else, it is really tough., With respect to stocks, they are high. Although as I'm sure you know, when you parse through the indices you see that there are some stocks making new highs, but there also are a lot of stocks that are well below their highs and well below their longer-term -- or their intermediate-term moving averages. So the guys in our -- that are managing our equity portfolio are still finding opportunities in which to invest. In terms of fixed income, I would say that generally we are decidedly bearish about interest rates and we are generally pretty bearish about most of the markets within the interest rate market. For example, investment grade bonds and below investment grade bonds we are not excited at all about that. We think that interest rates on these securities should be higher as should interest rates on government bonds and it is our guess that over time that will in fact happen. So, right now for CNA we are generally keeping our fixed income portfolio in our non-matched accounts as short as we can. We are playing the roll down in yields. And we're actually hoping for a time when interest rates go higher and when we can get excited about investing in fixed income. No. I want to keep our options open. I think the book value per share is, in many ways, an arbitrary measure. It's the sum of accounting entries over a long period of time which may or may not reflect the underlying value of the business. We don't have a share buyback program that's authorized by the Board rather, as we say, we may buy shares in the market from time to time. And having that flexibility as well as having that ambiguity is really important because our goal is to be able to buy the shares at the cheapest price that we can and sometimes it may make sense to buy the shares above book value, other times it might, we want to have the flexibility to do whatever makes sense. Well, I haven't even thought about tax return transactions. This is an MLP is just totally different than a C-Corp, and in an MLP, the general partner has total control over the enterprise, just as in any partnership the general partner has total control and the limited partners are there as filing investors. Now, we take very -- we take a lot of consideration into account for the welfare of the limited partners, because we know that the valuation of their shares affects the valuation of Loews. So on the one hand, we're trying to gain good value for the general partner, but we know that Loews has an awful lot of shares of the limited partnership interest, and we are doing everything we can to improve the valuation of those limited partnership shares. The double-digits are based on cost. Market prices will vary and from one quarter to the other, we may have a loss in these securities. I told you, they are not for the faint of heart. But we believe that we've done our analysis and we believe that based on our ability to hold these securities, that they will generate very attractive returns for us. I know that the term subprime is a word that causes fear in the hearts of the most hardened investors. But you can be sure that we've done our work and our analysis in going into these securities. All the more reason for you to come to our investor conference. Oh, okay. Well, there are some levered players, but the real problem is just the lack of demand. But I think there will be forced sellers, and there'll be forced sellers for two reasons. Number one, the leverage, but sometimes banks and creditors play the extend and pretend game. It's especially easy to do in a low interest rate environment. But the other thing that is really important now is that these sixth-generation drill ships require TLC. That with the second-generation rig, if it wasn't working you could cold stack it, leave it out there on the water for two years, come back, and for a few million dollars, bring it back to work. For a sixth-generation drill ship, we don't know exactly what the cost to stack it is, but it could be on the order of $2 million to $3 million a month. So, there is a very, very significant financial cost to having a drill ship that is not gainfully employed. Sure. For those who may not know, last night it was announced that Diamond Offshore was going to buy two new jack-up rigs, 350-foot rigs capable of drilling deep gap wells, and the total amount is $300 million. We made that decision because, I believe, that even though we could see a downturn in gas prices over the short term, over the relatively longer term, over the next three to five to seven years, we could see strong gas prices. Certainly strong enough to warrant that oil companies drill for gas. Combined with that, if you look at the age profile of the worldwide jack-up fleet, you see that there's a big bulging construction in the very early 1980's, and there's very little construction since then. There are 20 or 30 jack-ups on order, but there are -- there's a total fleet in excess of 500 units. And it's my belief and the Company's belief, that the jack-up market could have a good sustained cycle because of the confluence of the desire of oil companies to drill for more reserves, the level of oil and gas prices, and the state of the current fleet. Listen. That is two, three, four-decade view. Having said that, we are still going to be using natural gas, we are still going to be using oil. The only way we can use natural gas is to move it from one place to another. Decline curves are very real and significant. So I am not saying in that article that I see the imminent demise of offshore drilling or people no longer -- people shutting off their natural gas to keep their homes in the winter. But it is just, as I said, a very long-term trend and in the meantime, our energy subsidiaries are open for business to drill wells for anybody that wants to drill them, to produce natural gas and to move natural gas throughout the country. I am not exactly sure. We will have to get back to you on that. Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. As you have seen from our press release, Loews reported net income from continuing operations of $245 million or $0.63 per share, compared to $234 million or $0.60 per share for the first quarter of 2013. Our results were impacted by several unusual items which will be discussed by Pete Keegan later on in the call. This is Pete's last quarterly call as CFO after some 17 years with Loews in that position. Let's first proceed with the call and then I will come back to share some thoughts about Pete. Let's start with CNA. There was some noise in CNA's results this past quarter. Catastrophes, primarily related to the harsh winter weather, affected first-quarter loss and combined ratios by 4.5 points. Excluding cats and prior-year development, however, CNA's underwriting margin improved almost 4 points as compared to the same physical last year. Also affecting first-quarter results was a loss from discontinued operations of $186 million related to the sale of Continental Assurance Company, which was announced last quarter and is scheduled to close in the next few months. CAC is a non-core business and its divestiture will help reduce future earnings volatility and free up statutory capital. While the pace of property and casualty rate increases has slowed compared to the fourth quarter of 2013, CNA continues to seek appropriate rate increases based on its underwriting of each individual account. Overall, we continue to be pleased with CNA's progress. Turning to Diamond Offshore, the offshore drilling markets have certainly gotten a lot of press recently, and I want to build on the comments off of last week by Diamond's new CEO, Marc Edwards. It is no secret that the operating environment for the offshore drilling industry has become more competitive across all water depths. While no one can predict day rates will go, we believe that Diamond is well positioned to weather all market conditions. The offshore drilling market is a cyclical business. By maintaining the strongest balance sheet and the best credit ratings in the industry, we are confident that Diamond will be able to take advantage of that cyclicality, as it has done in the past. Diamond may have the opportunity to buy rigs at distressed prices, as it did in 2009 with the Ocean Courage and the Ocean Valor. If day rate rise, of course, Diamond will benefit from the improved capabilities of its fleet. So rain or shine, we believe that Diamond's long-term prospects remain bright. Also, through April, Diamond purchased $88 million of its own stock. As Marc Edwards said on the Diamond call last week, this was an opportunistic purchase; but paying dividends to shareholders remains the top priority of the company. Next to Boardwalk. On our last call we discussed the challenges that the Marcellus and Utica shale plays are creating in the short term. However, we believe that these plays can in the long run provide significant opportunities for growth, especially now that the company is better positioned due to Boardwalk's increased access to internally generated capital. As an example, Boardwalk has recently seen significant interest in moving natural gas North-to-South on its Texas gas pipeline. Last quarter, Boardwalk announced the Ohio-to-Louisiana access project; and since then the company has strong interest for its second Open Season, which concluded on April 22, to transport natural gas South. Boardwalk may have an opportunity to transport over 1 billion cubic feet per day of gas North-to-South should these combined projects go forward. In terms of Bluegrass, Sam mentioned on the Boardwalk call earlier today that so far they have been unable to obtain enough firm customer contract commitments to proceed with the project. Boardwalk will continue to consider all of their options. Before I turn the call over to Pete, I also want to add that the Cabana Bay Beach Resort opened 600 of its 1,800 rooms in March, with the rest of the rooms and suites scheduled to open in June. Cabana Bay is Loews' fourth hotel in Orlando and a continuation of Loews Hotels' very successful partnership in Universal Studios. Pete, over to you. Diamond Offshore is playing close to $100 million on a quarterly basis. CNA, I said, is the sum of the quarterly dividends which is $140 million. I think it is a little different. I think what Boone did is, he stated his position based on where his money is. Thank you. You've heard me say it before; we are not going to let it burn a hole in our pocket. Okay. For Carolina Group? I don't want to go into any specifics about what we might do in terms of buying back shares of any of our subsidiaries. Yes. Yes, we will. I don't know; you are going to have to run your own numbers. Well, we have treasury bills and government REPO's and short-term investments of about $1.8 billion. The dividend-we're coming up on the fourth quarter of the dividend and then it will be reviewed by the directors in May of this year. I said I wasn't going to respond to that. It was written by a private citizen and I was identified as the CEO of Loews. For those that may not have read the op-ed piece, let me just tell you what the thesis was. The thesis was that there is nothing that the politicians have to do now with respect to greenhouse gases. That they will begin to come down on their own because of what has happened in the market. And specifically, I was referring to the price of oil and the price of gas and made the point that with wind energy costing $0.07 a kilowatt hour to be viable economically compared to a gas-fired power plant requiring $0.13 a kilowatt hour, that we were going to see a lot more wind energy. And in fact, in Texas, they have 5 gigawatts of wind power already in place which represents just under 10% of their capacity. Combined with that, I talked about photo voltaics and made the point that here in New York, we are likely to see in the coming months a 30% increase -- up to a 30% increase in our cost of electricity, which could get as high as $0.30 per kilowatt hour. And that at those types of rates for buying electricity from the grid, that an investment of photo voltaic cells on your rooftop will have a rate of return of about 10%, which is twice what you can earn on New York state municipal bonds. And then finally, I went on to talk about automobiles and the fact that electric powered automobiles will be introduced in a major way starting next year. No. No, no, no. CNA earned from its insurance operations, which includes interest and investment income, earned $318 million. Which I might add, is the most that CNA has ever earned in a quarter from its operating business. I don't know. We'll have to see what the environment is at the time. We'll have to see just how bad the market looks, and so, it's really difficult to say right now. In terms of residual risk that we may have, I would instruct you to read our offering circulars where the lawyers go to great lengths to explain whatever risks that we have, that we may have going forward. In terms of investments. No, I don't think that splitting off Lorillard has changed the way we think about investments and how we are going to move forward on them. They say you can't teach an old dog new tricks. While I think of myself as a young person, when when it comes to investing, I consider myself an old dog and there are just certain principles that I have learned over the past 35 years of investing and those principles apply whether or not Loews owns an interest in a tobacco company. So, no, what we are looking to do, which is to create value, and how we are looking to do it hasn't changed at all. So you're talking about the wells in the Mississippian Lime? We're not looking for brands. We believe we have a very, very good brand. What we would be looking for would be hotel assets to add to our brand. There was an enormous growth in upper -- what they call upper, upscale hotel properties over the past decade. A number of those have gotten into financial distress of one sort or another. And we think that over the coming few years there will be opportunities to make acquisitions of those properties at attractive prices. But as I just said to David Adelman, our anticipation would be to buy those properties based on the current state of business, not somebody's assumption that business going forward is going to improve substantially. Yes, we can. Now we can. Yes. Yes. We have drilled 30 wells there and we've had -- when you average out all the wells that we have drilled, our performance is similar to the performance of wells drilled by people in our area. What we are doing is we want to drill another set of wells so that we can begin to really delineate the area and understand what we have. Right now our belief is that this area is commercial and we just have to wait and see how the other wells come out to prove up whether that thought is accurate. Oh, yes. Not really. CNA has the ability and the intent to hold its securities to price recovery, so we just don't worry about it. That is correct. Well the individual operating subsidiaries are all doing very well. So the goal right there is for them to continue doing well and for them to maximize their opportunities within the context of their markets. And I think they are all doing that well. CNA has embarked on generating strong consistent earnings, good return on equity and generating excess cash flow so that they can return it to the parent. Diamond Offshore is looking to extend its contracts so that it will have a strong backlog of revenues and earnings for Loews for years to come. At Lorillard, Marty is doing what he has always been doing, which is managing the business with an eye to both the current year and also an eye to maintaining the business in a strong mode for the intermediate to long term. And at Boardwalk, they are managing the business which we thought was going to be a quiet and staid business. They are managing the business for significant organic growth that should be visible over -- and come on to our books over the next two years as the projects are developed. So, from the Loews perspective, what we are doing is, number one, we are monitoring very carefully what goes on at the subsidiaries. We are very active and involved in their capital structure, capital raising, and they're strategic plans. So those all have been, in essence, ratified by us, as have their capital plans. And then the other thing that we are doing at Loews is trying to figure out how to allocate the $5.5 billion that we have in our corporate treasury. We bought in $300 million worth of stock during the quarter on the theory that this -- we were able to purchase the stock at a significant discount to the sum of the part's value. We continue to look for other businesses to buy, but as you can see from the lack of press releases coming from us, we haven't found anything yet. But we do continue to look, and figure that at some point in time we will be able to buy something that would be value additive to the Company. You don't sound convinced. Not higher, that is correct. I'm going to let you do those benchmark valuations yourself. I don't want to be citing who I think are our peers in this business. Look, each of our subsidiaries are -- their marching orders are to finance their own capital needs, and what happened in '08 were really extraordinary events. And I -- I would expect that only in very, very extraordinary times will the subsidiaries need to come to the parent hat-in-hand looking for financing. Otherwise, for the public subsidiaries, we expect them to finance themselves. Because Loews finances provides a lot of the finance for Loews Hotels, which is much easier when it is 100% owned. Combined with the fact that I don't know that there is a really great business purpose to take Loews Hotels public. Being public is a lot different than being owned privately. And at this point in time the management of Loews Hotels is focused on growing their business and not on dealing with shareholders who are looking for growth or lord knows what else. No. Yes, Bob, there is a good story, but we have got to figure out if that is good for Loews Corp. and also for Loews Hotels. And right now I think it just seems to us it doesn't make sense. So Loews Hotels is 100% owned and for the foreseeable future will stay that way. No, no, no. That's just to develop the proved undeveloped. We have -- we discuss all those issues as well as lots of other issues. The overriding theme of all the issues though is what is in the best interest of Loews' shareholders. So we factor a lot of different things in. And I don't really want to go into any detail about what those issues are. But like I said, the overriding question is what makes the most sense for our shareholders? Six months or so. The case for -- first of all, like they say on TV, do not try this at home. If you're going to invest in the subprime market, you have to have on your staff people who are highly trained in analyzing mortgage-backed securities. It is not for the faint of heart and it is not nor the computer illiterate. It is a very difficult and meticulous craft. And what we have been doing is making very selective investments in specific tranches of subprime CDO's and structured product, with the belief that these investments, which we're making at, say, $0.60 or $0.70 on the dollar, will return our purchase price in full, very possibly will return us par over time. And where, in the meantime, we are collecting close to a double-digit current return, based on interest payments. So --. Okay. So, first item is the CEO search. I would say that we had -- the Board of Diamond has not been asleep at the switch. They have been moving with, I will say, great dispatch in the search for a CEO and we are hopeful that there can be an announcement from Diamond in the near future on that score. With respect to the offshore, the rate for rigs in the offshore drilling market, I truly don't know which way day rates are going to go. It is a very complicated mosaic where you have got oil companies that contract with us that feel pressure on their cash flow to make capital investments. They also feel pressure to increase their oil and gas production. There are new rigs coming into the market. There is an awful lot going on. The thing that I know is that that means for Diamond is that there could be lots and lots of opportunities. There could be opportunities to buy rigs in the markets because Diamond is financially the strongest competitor in the industry. There are some competitors that are highly levered. There are some that, to us, seem to have really extended themselves in terms of their capital commitments. So there could be lots of opportunities to create long-term value. And what Diamond does is that they watch carefully what is going on around them and they, like Loews, look to build long-term value in whichever way they can. And they are willing to use their balance sheets in order to do that. Yes, I think our history is very, very clear that that hasn't happened. The Tisch family members that are employees of Loews devote all of their time and activity to Loews often to the detriment of their ability to create wealth outside of the company. So [that] answers that. We spend 100% [time] on the company. We did not say it, no. Yes, at year end we had $250 million to $300 million of equity. We had another $900 million or so of limited partnership investments. And the rest was in primarily fixed income or money market instruments. There was no buybacks, so I'm not entirely sure what you're seeing. The equities? Yes. Good morning. Remember the notional debt is not the debt of Lorillard. The notional debt is just as I like to call it, it is a an algorithm for the computation -- for the allocation of cash between Loews and the CG shareholders. And the notional debt is paid down by cash dividends that are received by Loews from Lorillard and those dividends are determined by the Board Of directors of Lorillard Inc. We don't answer that question. We will let our filings speak for themselves. Good morning. But, yes, we did increase the amount of subprime mortgage-backed assets that we have in the CNA portfolio. I think we bought about 163 -- CNA bought about $163 million of Loews types of goods and we expect returns on those anywhere from 10% to 15% over the next few years. I just want to thank Larry. As you can see Diamond Offshore will win the prize for technology on the screen. We're trying to be part of that technology, way over here. It was just about three years that I met Dean Jones when we went down to hear the Texas gas story. And in May of '03 Loews purchased Texas Gas Transmission which was, as I described it, an orphaned investment for us. We were then able 1.5 years later to buy Gulf South Pipelines and had what I then called an integrated -- geographically integrated pipeline system. And then just six months ago we took the whole enchilada public in the form of a master limited partnership named Boardwalk Pipelines. And so what I would like to do is introduce Dean Jones to you. Some of you have already met him before, but Dean will give you the Boardwalk Pipelines story. Dean ? First of all, you make the assumption that, as soon as the rating agencies change their ratings, that we will buy back shares. That is not necessarily the case. We make the case all the time that we really don't want to discuss our share repurchases. We do it from time to time as we see fit. The reason we focus so on our share repurchases, with respect to rating agencies, is because, for some of the rating agencies, CNA's rating is contingent, at least in part, on the Loews rating. We want to see two things happen with respect to CNA's rating. Number one, we want to see the negative outlook come off; and number two, we would ultimately like to see CNA's rating increased from A- to A. Now, that does have us rated at an A but Moody's and Standard & Poor's still has CNA rated at A-. So -- and by the way, Pete reminds me, Loews is rated as an A at Standard & Poor's, and it's mind-boggling to me that Moody's has us rated at BAA-1. Yeah, it's entirely seasonally related. Yes and when there are attractive opportunities for them to invest then we fully expect them to make the investment. And in fact right now Diamond Offshore has a capital budget approaching $1 billion, and Boardwalk Pipelines likewise has a capital budget including maintenance and other day-to-day capital expenses that probably approaches $1 billion over the next two years. So we do expect our subsidiaries to grow their businesses but we also expect that they'll be able to nonetheless return excess capital to their shareholders. We really don't have synergies. I mean we produce natural gas in Sonora, Texas, but we don't transport it on the Boardwalk Pipeline. Having said that, the knowledge that we gain from our E&P business helps us to think carefully about where we want to build pipeline for Boardwalk. But there aren't -- we don't look for synergies in our businesses. There was a second part to your question. Because -- I don't want to -- first of all, if there were, then maybe there was some corporate activity. And if there weren't -- it just doesn't make sense for us to go down that road and talk about the things that may or may not have prevented us from buying in shares. The CapEx was $125 million. Well, with respect to the dividends, we haven't done anything on that. We're going to wait and see what legislation is ultimately enacted. With respect to buy backs, we treat the-the way we buy back our shares is top secret. So I don't want to make any comments about when, where and under what conditions we would buy back our shares. It's generally assets above book value. You know, that's really going to be up to the CNA board and those are decisions that they have to make and I think I'd leave it to them, for the time being, I would say, simply say, that Loews is in a very liquid position and we're very comfortable with our level of liquidity now. I was talking about the economy. The economic outlook is very, very difficult to discern in the next quarter or for the next year. I think you ask a lot of different people, you get a lot of different answers. And now maybe a year ago, we thought there was more clarity. Truth be told, the clarity lead you to the wrong answer. But now at least we're wiser and understand that there's a lot more volatility to the economic outlook than we've anticipated at any time in the recent past. Loews management cares a lot about CG shareholders and in fact, the last time I looked, Loews was the largest CG shareholder that there is. You talk about RJR, and a big part of the reason why RJR is up so much is because of the cost cutting that they did. CG doesn't have those kinds of costs to cut. If you look on a profit per thousand bases, and if you look on total volume basis, I think you would see that CG has dramatically outperformed RJR over the years. And I think that you selected, as you're base in RJR, the stock that's performed the best in large part because it had really been the worst for so long. I think if you compare CG to Philip Morris, for example, you'd find we performed pretty much in line since CG has gone public. Our goal is to provide good, strong returns for the CG shareholders. I think when you analyze the returns to the CG share holders, though, you should not just look at share price. CG plays a hefty dividend. Right now shall the dividend yield, I think, is over 8%. That's 8% that shareholders are getting each year and CG has been public now for over three years and that's probably 24-25% that they've taken in as well. So, overall, I'm not pleased with the performance of CG. I think, however, that a lot of it has been the result of what's going on in the tobacco markets. I think Lorillard has performed very well in the context of the tobacco markets, and I'm hopeful that shareholders in the stock markets in general will realize and appreciate the outstanding performance Lorillard and the team have turned in year after year. Well, as you know, we operate on the philosophy that each of our subsidiaries should be, number one, self financing and should be able to stand on their own. And we think it's appropriate for a company of this size and in this industry just to have some modest amounts of debt. So our goal would be to put the debt on from the very outset and have it service that debt from the very beginning. I'm not sure, but remember 20% of Lorillard at today's prices is in excess of $3 billion. So, the net amount is the difference between those two. Two things. Number one, gas prices to rise would be very nice. And number two, HighMount continues to -- continues its science experiment as it looks for -- looks to see how it can produce oil economically in its oil properties. Well, with Diamond Offshore, one of the things we did in the past was that we went to a special dividend strategy when everybody else was building rigs. And now that everybody else is hunkering down, we're looking to see if we can acquire rigs. There's an old saying that trouble is opportunity. And in the offshore drilling business right now, there's a lot of trouble, not only because of the Deepwater Horizon but also because of the supply and demand for rigs and the new builds have started to drive day rates down. And the rigs mobilizing out of the United States will only add to that. So there's a lot of trouble in the industry. Diamond Offshore Drilling has a pretty good treasury, and we are looking out to see if there are any opportunities to rebuild our fleet on the cheap. At CNA, we're not doing a lot to alter their strategy. We are from the trust but verify school of investing. We brought Tom Motamed in a year and a half ago. We're watching very carefully what he's doing. And from our perspective, he knows exactly what he's doing. He's focused on underwriting. He's focused on selling. He's focused on reducing expenses, and there's no doubt in my mind that he's going to be successful in really making CNA a premier company. He once said to me in response to an e-mail that I sent to him, I didn't come to CNA to come in second. And as far as I was concerned, that was music to my ears. No. Those just go straight into our income. We treat those as trading securities and we mark them to market every quarter. Well, there are a number of things we can do with our cash. We can use it to repurchase shares. We can use it to pay dividends. We can use the cash for acquisitions. Or we can just let it set on our balance sheet. As you know, Bob, we have a history of operating with a lot of cash on our balance sheet because we feel that gives us an opportunity to buy assets at very attractive prices if we have enough patience. So, the idea of a special dividend I think would really be the idea of paying a special dividend would be made at some point when we felt that we didn't see any significant opportunities and that we didn't think there would be any in the future. Yes, Carolina Group has a balance of $150m, and that could be used for either of those purposes. But right now we've selected to maintain that $150m balance. Right. Okay. There are -- not only is there the universal partnership but there are also partnerships with respect to a number of other hotels. I think -- I don't think there is any one business that has the greatest opportunity for cost cutting. We believe that each of our businesses are run very efficiently. Each one of our CEOs is constantly thinking about overhead and cost cutting and trying to be as competitive as possible. So costs really are not, from what I can see, a major factor or likewise will not be a major source -- cutting costs will not be a major source of profitability. Cutting costs, constantly focusing on cutting costs is important because it keeps you competitive and keeps you in the game. But there won't be draconian cost cuts to any of our subsidiaries. Yes [Bob]? I think this is Boardwalk specific. You're asking about what's going on in the Boardwalk board meetings. I am not a board member there and I think you should ask the management of Boardwalk that. So I guess what you are talking about is our hotel properties because that is pretty much all of the real estate that we have on our balance sheet. And what I would say is that you have to look at that on a property-by-property basis. Starting next quarter we are going to significantly improve the disclosures with respect to our hotel Company and that I may be able to give you a bit of an indication of the valuations of our property. Additionally, if you want to think about what the valuation is, get on a plane, go down to Florida, look at a Miami Beach hotel, look at what we have put in place at Universal Studios, remembering that we have a 50% interest. And my guess is that any good hotel person should be able to give you a good ballpark estimate of what those properties are worth. I would say all of the above. We -- the CNA Board will do whatever is in the best interests of CNA. And I know that the Board would like to pay that off as rapidly as possible, because once that is paid off, then that removes an impediment to paying common dividends to CNA shareholders. We will make the comment when we make the comment and we don't want to comment before then. We'll let all of our filings speak for themselves. Okay, so let me take a stab at it and tell me if I answered your question. So CNA is the big gorilla in the room. CNA, as you correctly say, represents two-thirds of the value of Loews and also generates probably -- this past year generated 80% or 85% of our cash flow. Behind that are Boardwalk and Diamond Offshore. I would say that both are recuperating. Diamond Offshore, as you know, cut its dividend so that it could get off of the MLP treadmill -- cut that distribution in January and has been able to finance its growth with primarily internally-generated funds. And as I said in my remarks, has very good growth prospects going forward. We are looking forward to that $1.5 billion of organic growth coming on line. There's still more organic growth that they are hoping to put on the books. So even though Boardwalk isn't paying out significant dividends, it is building its business and its network and we are really very pleased with that. At Diamond Offshore, it is the strongest company in its industry. It has investment-grade ratings. It's got cash available to it to invest and it's just waiting for the opportune time to invest in more rig assets. Diamond Offshore, as you well recall, between 2006 and 2014, paid out $41 a share of dividends. So to Loews Corporation, that represented almost $3 billion and there was a time when, instead of Diamond stock being $20 a share, it was 7 times higher, so it represented very significant value to Loews. Now I'm not predicting that Diamond is going to go back to $140 anytime soon. But I do think that in the fullness of time and once this oil cycle has played itself out and oil prices are back to what I would consider to be equilibrium prices, that Diamond Offshore shares can improve as well. And then, finally, I would say that, with respect to Loews Hotels, it doesn't have a lot of earnings, but it does have a lot of value. The hotels in our portfolio, many of them are the envy of a lot of people in the hotel business and the goal at Loews Hotels is to continue building the value of the Company. As I said, it may be difficult for you to see in the form of net income. We do show adjusted EBITDA as a measure to help give you some ability to value the business, but I would simply end by saying that, as I've said before, I love all my children. I love all our businesses and I think each one of them is doing well within the context of their industry. We look at what's available to buy. A lot of the assets that the companies that become available to buy especially in the strike zone that we're looking at are owned by private equity firms. Those companies, those firms have the ability to time when they want to sell their assets. So one would think that right now prices of companies that private equity firms might want to sell are coming down because the financing markets have become so much more expensive. But in fact what we're seeing is not too much that's on the market, in fact because now is not a particularly attractive time to be selling those businesses. If the financial markets that we have today continue for another several quarters, then it's entirely possible that we could see assets that come on the market that could be attractively priced. So, it is an interesting question, but I can't give you an exact answer. Because in fact I can't tell you right now what is the market day rate for say a new fifth or sixth generation drill ship. There haven't been any fixtures recently. My guess is it is between $300,000 and $400,000 a day, but it is really difficult to say. What I would say is that in an environment of oil prices that are, number one, $30 higher than they are today and, number two, where the volatility has -- or much of the volatility has left the oil market, in that environment I could see that day rates would we higher than they are today. These assets cost about $600 million to build and in order for someone to buy -- to order a new one they have to get a return on their investment that makes it worthwhile for them to take that risk. So my guess is that for someone to order a new rig they would need to anticipate that they could earn say $100 million -- at least $100 million on that investment. $100 million is about $250,000 to $300,000 a day that has to be earned. You pile on top of that the daily operating costs of approximately $200,000 and what you see is that before anybody is going to go out and order a new rig they have to be pretty sure that they are going to be able to earn between $450,000 and $500,000 a day on that asset. And my expectation is that we are not going to be seeing significant new construction for a long time until we do get to that place where pricing is at what I would call replacement price levels. Well, we're just looking it up, here. There may be a special dividend from Lorillard that is used to help pay down the notional debt. But aside from that we only anticipate regular dividends. Mike, I can't speak for why Diamond is priced where it is. You will have to ask some analysts on Wall Street. From my perspective, it seems like a crazy valuation, but who am I to say? Diamond is a -- as I said, has the strongest balance sheet in the industry. It has a phenomenal record of investment in offshore drilling rigs. Rather than build new rigs, they completely refurbished old rigs, and we had the equivalent of a brand-new rigs at half the price that are able to earn just about what a new rig out of a shipyard costs. We've got four new rigs coming out of the shipyard now. Some markets or the analysts seemed to be focused on the age of the Diamond fleet, but by my life the Diamond fleet does not nearly have the age that the analysts calculate. When I look at the age of the Diamond fleet, I think in terms of the market value weighted age. So that when you multiply the age by the market value of the rig and then compute the average age for the fleet, our numbers show that our fleet is about the same age as the Transocean fleet. So, I think Diamond is tremendously strong, has lots of financial flexibility, and I don't really understand what the market is focused on. Thank you, Darren. Good morning to everyone. Our third quarter results continue to build on an already healthy first half. During the past several years, our third quarters have been marked by hurricane-related losses but this year, mother nature left us basically unscathed. Each of our subsidiaries delivered strong year-over-year profit growth, allowing Loews to obtain consulted net income of $635 million up from $302 million in the third quarter of '05. This represents an 11% increase year over year even after adjusting for the adverse impact of hurricanes in '05. CMA posted another solid quarter with net operating income of $283 million and net income of $311 million. CMA's third quarter earnings last year reflected substantial catastrophe losses which helped account for the over $320 million year-over-year improvement in net operating income. But hurricanes are only part of the story. CMA's net investment income is strong and continues to exercise underwriting discipline and expenses are being aggressively managed. Net written premiums increased 6% within CMA's core P&C operations during the third quarter as CMA achieved high customer retention and garnered meaningful new business. On a year-to-date basis, the Company posted a 95.5% combined ratio in its core P&C operations with an expense ratio below 30%. For the quarter, the combined ratio was 94.5%. Lorillard saw earnings increase over 13% versus the third quarter of last year resulting primarily from the increases in the unit volume sales. The volume strength resulted in an 80 basis point increase in domestic market share for the Newport brand versus last year. Lorillard management continues to do an excellent job of balancing market share and profitability. In a few minutes, Marty Orlowski will provide further comments on results. Diamond offshore continues to take advantage of strong market conditions and deliver good results. Net income doubled to $164 million versus last year but with slightly lower on a sequential basis. Third quarter income income was way down by increased costs related to mooring enhancement activities, repair and maintenance expense resulting from the sustained high utilization of the fleet and special survey related costs. Revenue for the third quarter was $514 million, up slightly versus the second quarter. Revenue was negatively impacted by mandatory downtime on a number of rigs as well as temporary decrease in day rates on short-term contracts for free semisubmersible rates. There has been some spotty weakness in the Gulf of Mexico jackup market, Diamond believes this will be alleviated by the ending of the hurricane season as well as by rigs leaving the Gulf of Mexico for international markets. More broadly, diamond will benefit going forward as its rigs role roll off of older contracts and on to new ones at higher market rates. Currently approximately 99% of diamond's available rig days are contracted or committed through the end of '06 and about 76% of available days are contracted or committed through the end of '07. I remain confident that the major upgrades being made to the deep water semisubmersible's ocean endeavor and ocean monarch as well as the construction of two new jackup rigs, the Ocean Guild and the Ocean Ceptor, will provide excellent to returns for Diamond. Operating revenues at [inaudible] partners were $133 million in the third quarter. A 10% increase over the prior year at third quarter. Gas storage and park and loan services showed particular strength primarily due to natural gas price spreads and volatility in falling gas prices. Operating income for the quarter increased to almost $45 million from $21 million in the prior year. Boardwalk has declared a quarterly distribution of $0.40 per unit, a $0.02 increase over the prior quarter which is the third consecutive dividend increase since the Company went public. Boardwalk subsidiary Gulf South pipeline continues to make progress on the interstate pipeline expansion project that will make possible the transport of gas from the producing regions of east Texas to markets east of the Mississippi river. This is just one example of projects underway to leverage Boardwalk's infrastructure through organic growth in markets where capacity constraints create opportunities for expansion. Those hotels benefited from ongoing strength in the luxury and upper upscale hotel segment. Room rates in the third quarter were up by over 8% versus '05 while Rev PAR increased by almost 6%. During the quarter, Rose Corporation repurchased 278,500 shares of its common stock at an average cost of $10.4 million. I will repeat my now familiar reminder. We do not discuss our future share repurchase plans and we think our actions fully express our position regarding the price of our stock and the strength of our balance sheet. In August, Loews sold 15 million shares of Caroline Group Stock. We currently maintain a 37.7% economic interest in Carolina group. Also in August,CNA retired its series H preferred stock held by Loews which resulted in Loews receiving $728 million in cash and 7.9 million shares of CMA common stock. Loews now holds approximately 89% of CNA's outstanding common stock. I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO Pete Keegan. With respect to -- specifically with respect to HighMount, we have an awful lot of gas in the ground at -- in Sonora, Texas. I think right now it is at least 1 trillion feet and, if gas prices go higher, I think the amount that we have in the ground will go higher because it will become more economic to produce it. There are two ways that we could push the button to restart drilling in Sonora. One is if natural gas prices go up. The other is if we can reduce the cost of drilling for natural gas there. And we are looking very, very carefully at how we can drill wells there to get natural gas production at prices that are lower than -- at cost that are lower than historically we have an able to drill for natural gas. So if we are able to do that, if prices go up a bit then it is possible that we could restart drilling in Sonora, Texas. Well, I would have to defer that to Loews since this is a matter for the Loews Board determined. We have very little exposure to subprime and CDO and the Loews' portfolio. Good morning. My pleasure. That's still my answer. We've been kicking tires in the E&P industry for probably the past year and a half or two years. And the Dominion assets were really perfect for us. They were the perfect size. They were the perfect type of assets. We do not consider ourselves wildcatters. And in the broad spectrum of E&P companies, there are companies that are at one side are wildcatters, and the other side are factory drillers. And we want to be in the factory drilling sector of the market. We like the long lived reserves, and I believe that the reserves that are producing year 20 will be -- have a greater present value profit to us than the year -- than the reserves that are producing year one or year two. So we're very, very happy to collect this bank of reserves and to produce it and to exploit it. With respect to MLPs, we thought about it. We don't -- we've just looked at some very preliminary numbers. Obviously MLPs are right now very big in E&P industry. But before we think about doing anything, we just want to get our hands around what we have, understand it, and understand what will be the benefits to our shareholders by us taking this company public. That's -- that will really be the key driver in making an MLP or any other types of going public decision. Yes, right here. About 20%. I think he's refereeing to short-term investments and cash balance, which actually should be -- mostly short-term investments are in Lorillard and you may be seeing increased cash balances because for one reason or another, Lorillard itself, as opposed to Carolina Group, has those increased cash balances. But when dividends come from Lorillard up to Loews, then all of our cash is used to pay the dividends and pay down the balance of the debt, leaving Carolina Group with $100 million cash balance. Absolutely positively. We've stood that, we've been saying that for a long time, that our goal is to pay down all the notional debt, and once all that's paid down, the cash flow of Carolina Group will be available for dividends for all shareholders. Thank you. Yes. That's right. It is where -- we -- I would describe our trading style as aggressively conservative. We keep a lot of cash on the balance sheet, but we do, from time to time. make foray into the, primarily into the U.S. Treasury market where we may buy securities as long as 10 years. When you own something like a 10 year note, not only are we able to earn the interest of close to 5.75%, But we do take advantage when we can finance them at an attractive yield and pick up yet more yield. There is also some capital gains on those transactions, as well as we have a portfolio of common stocks of about 5 to $600 million during the course of the quarter. My crystal ball is still pretty cloudy, yes. My [feel is] forecast was and continues to be for about 2% economic growth driven in large part because the consumer and the government is so full up on debt. And I don't think that we can have a robust recovery until we start to chip away at those levels of debt. Well, first of all, it's difficult to spin-off Carolina Group. Because that's a letter stock. And Loews currently owns about two-thirds of that. With respect to CNA, it's a company that is, I think, strongly on the mend and is going to turn in solid results and I wouldn't think of spinning that off. With respect to Diamond Offshore because we own less than 80%, any spin-off of that would be taxable to shareholders. So, that overall, I think, right now, a spin-off for any of these pieces just doesn't make sense. Additionally, in spinning off any one of these companies, that would be a significant affect on the debt ratings which we would have to take seriously into account. So, there are a few questions there. First of all, if CNA weren't public, you would want it to be public, because by having CNA be public it creates -- there is a market price for it every day. And so, in my mind, 10% of CNA public is really the minimum amount that should be public of CNA. But, as I say, if we owned 100% of it, I think that would hurt the Loews stock value, because investors wouldn't really know what CNA was worth. They be constantly -- and they'd be constantly begging us to take it public, just the way in the late '90s and early 2000s they were begging us to figure out some way to make the value of Lorillard more transparent for investors. In terms of share repurchases, I would say pay not attention to the man behind the curtain. We work in mysterious ways, sometimes not completely apparent. Sometimes when it looks to investors like we're not buying the stock, what's really going on is we're saying, shoot, we wish we could buy the stock, but the lawyers tell us that we know something that the rest of the market doesn't know and, therefore, we can't. So, there are -- there are a lot of restrictions on buying stock. There are other times when investors might want us to buy the stock where we're sitting there saying, we don't want to buy the stock at these levels. But what we've -- what we have done and tried to say consistently, is that we're not going to comment on the specifics of just when we buy and when we don't buy, other than to point out all the different factors that might affect us actually executing on that purchase of shares. Let me speak out of the end of the -- the end of the third quarter. The end of the first quarter. We're very comfortable with the level of debt we had then. And I don't want to speak about any future plans for debt, especially with lawyers sitting in the room and telling me not to say anything about it. Right here. We have -- as I said before, we've divided our portfolio into two pieces, what we call the matched account and the unmatched account, and the matched account is for liabilities whose duration is fairly certain, and for those liabilities, we match the assets and liabilities. So the duration of that portfolio is probably 12 years or so. And that represents about one-third of CNA's assets and reserve liabilities. And then, for the rest of the reserve liabilities, we've invested the portfolio with a duration of about four to five years. That's basically the sweet spot for us because it provides us protection in case interest rates continue to decline. But likewise, if interest rates rise, it provides us a steady cash flow of both cash and maturing investments so that we can then reinvest at the higher rates. Loews was not invested in the subprime space, and we have not traded in it, leaving that opportunity entirely to CNA. Hey, good morning, David. Yeah, it's entirely seasonally related. No. Say again? I am certainly hopeful that CNA will not need any more support from Loews. The investment was made in mid-November. The markets bottomed on December 15 and actually started moving up between the December 15 and the end of the year. And when you look at all of our capital ratios, they are indicative of a Company that is in fine shape. So, I cannot imagine the credit markets going to such a level that -- let me start over. The credit markets today are at extraordinary levels; in high yield, in mortgage-backed securities. And it's difficult for me to see them going dramatically lower from here. Anything is possible but right now, if you think that stocks are attractive, then you ought to take a look at what's going on in the credit markets because there's enormous amounts of value to be had there. You're live, Bob. My crystal ball is still pretty cloudy, yes. Motamed. So we have about the $4.8 billion of cash and investments. We have about $700 million or so of limited partnership investments that have very good liquidity terms to it. And then we have another 500 or so of equity. And then beyond that most of the rest of the other $3.7 billion is invested in money market instruments that do not earn a lot of income. That's correct and likewise, Loews has a shelf as well. Let me go to the cost cutting first. We leave it up to each of our business to manage themselves, but we monitor very closely what is going on. I don't think there is an opportunity for a wholesale cost cutting across each -- all of our companies. Rather, they each monitor that all the time. They know that we are looking at it. So, I don't think so you will see any extraordinary cost cutting going on. With respect to the valuation of Loews, it has historically traded at a discount. And as you know, the Company has used that as opportunity to repurchase shares, and, in fact, that's what we did to the tune of $300 million in the first quarter of the year. My goal is that the stock will not trade at a discount to its net asset value. So far, I can't say that I have been any good at delivering on my goal. But it is a goal that we have. And hopefully one day the market will recognize the value that those of us here at the Holding Company at Loews have created and that they will reward us with a PE multiple that is greater than a 30% or 40% discount to the market. And that the market will recognize that over the past 10 years, 20 years, 30, 40, and even 50 years, that shareholders of Loews have achieved rates of return in excess of 15% a year. I don't know. But what I would say, is that if you look at the world of MLPs, there are a number of general partnerships that do trade, so that you can look at the valuations of those general partnerships and the multiple that those general partnerships trade at, and then you can get some sense of what you think the general partnership interest that Loews has in Boardwalk Pipelines is worth. Tim Parker, who is the CEO of HighMount, is on the line. Let's let him answer that question. So, I don't know about the price of Diamond stock. What I would say is that I think oil companies in the next several quarters will start to respond to the lower costs for all the inputs for exploration and production. Similar to what's going on, on land, with respect to the shale producers. So, I think that price of services will have an important effect on starting to kick-start the market. But, my fearless forecast would be probably not much this year, and with any luck sometime next year. Maybe, a little bit. We are frustrated that prices for businesses seem, to us, relatively high, but I would say that all we have to do is find one and that's what we are doing, we are looking for one, not a whole bunch. So we are constantly sorting through all the different opportunities and looking for the one transaction that will make sense for us. It's pretty much. We do have some equities and we do have -- we've tip-toed out the yield curve maybe to the 2-year assessment, but that's about it. And Bob, going back, we show on our -- All you have to do is consult your commerce clearinghouse book. I think you know it as well as we do. Look, I am not much of a political analyst. For me it is a great amateur sport. But I would say my guess is a pretty good chance that they are going to get the proverbial ball over the goal line this year and allow for the exportation of oil from the United States. From my perspective it certainly makes a lot of sense. Right now we have a system that favors the refiners by making available to them oil at very cheap prices because it can't be exported. And instead the refiners are exporting 3 million to 4 million barrels a day of refined products. So, all we are doing with our current system is subsidizing refineries and penalizing oil producers. Correct. You know, I am not a registered rep. I don't give out public investment advice. There are an awful lot of different ways to play what I think I and you are describing as the improvement in oil and natural gas prices. And it all depends on the risk parameters that you're willing to take and the amount of leverage that you want, a whole host of factors that I think it's inappropriate for me to opine on right now. Thank you. That's still my answer. Have we looked at the possibility of what? That applies to the three Tieschs in management. I don't know about the senior managers of Loews. I would assume not, but I don't know for sure and I don't know if filings were required for them. That was from 2010 until the third quarter of 2012. So that was -- in addition to the $6 billion of commitments and capital spending that our subsidiaries have made and that we helped to finance in some cases, Loews has also spent $1.2 billion buying in its own shares. We do not maintain an enormous equity exposure. Our equity exposure is on the order now of, I'd say $400 million. Good morning. No. You will never have gains in the short end, but you won't have losses. To the extent that you ever want to tiptoe out the yield curve, you risk having losses. That's what happened to us. We were lucky not to have had significant investments in the intermediate area because the increase in interest rates was much larger than the increase in interest rates was in something like the long sector of the market. But, the barbell can only protect you so much, and you still have to deal, though with, the major moves in the bond market. Sure. Actually, I think gas prices, truth be told, have come back faster than I would have expected. I think that we as a nation -- well first of all, the natural gas picture has changed dramatically over the past five years. In the past five years gas has gone from a commodity that was seen to be in shortage where it traded in 2008 at $15 an Mcf and now it is a commodity that is seen to be in vast abundance. The United States has about -- that we know of now, about 100 years supply of natural gas. As a country we produce about 65 billion cubic feet per day and we could increase that production by 50%, in my opinion, with a gas price in the $4 to $4.50 range. So what is needed now for the gas market is just continued demand growth. But demand growth has come over the past several years from the power sector as gas has taken significant market share from coal. But I anticipate in the future that there will be increases in other sectors demand for gas as well as continued increases from the power sector. The Loews portfolio, we invest primarily in treasury securities and we also maintain a relatively small equity portfolio. Well, now that you mention it, all I can tell you is, I was right. In the past month or six weeks, since we mentioned that, stocks are up significantly and you see the result of that, in fact, in the returns on investment income -- the investment income results for Loews for the past quarter, that reflects what is going on in the equity markets, and primarily the stocks that we've owned, which have been, oftentimes, large-cap dividend paying stocks, where, at the time that we bought them, the dividends were close to or in excess of the yield on 10-year Treasury securities. The MLPs -- so let me just explain for those that may not be fully up to speed. So the typical MLP model is to return all your distributable cash flow to investors. And then, when you have capital projects, you sell equity in the marketplace in order to finance the capital project. My guess is that that model is pretty much gone, and that instead of companies paying out all of their distributable cash flow in distribution, I think distributions will increase from where they are now, but they won't increase to a 100% of distributable cash flow, and companies will be in a position where they will act more like hybrid C-Corps where they can finance a significant portion of their capital projects using their internally-generated cash rather than going to the market to raise that capital. So yes, I think the MLP model of the past 10 or 15 years is really a thing of the past now. At Boardwalk, Boardwalk we have a number of very exciting organic growth opportunities. Putting pipe in the ground doesn't sound so exciting, but watching the return to shareholders increase actually is quite exciting. And Diamond Offshore almost two years I remember one day in July of '04 Larry Dickerson and David Williams called me up and they said, &quot;Jim, the market has turned.&quot; And it hasn't looked back since. And what's going on there is exciting. The rigs that we have in the yard that are going to come out and hopefully generate high returns for us are exciting. The Hotel business is going gangbusters and Bulova watch not to be forgotten even though it doesn't get a line of business line on our financial statement has also been turning in very good results. So I love them all. I love all my children. I would say it's two things. Number one, we do see opportunities. There are not many hotels that are being built now even though the hotel business is reasonably good. So that's an environment where we like to be developing hotels. Combined with the fact that we have a management team now that is very adept at acquiring hotels, they understand very well how to finance hotels, not only with debt but also with equity investors. And so we're making use of their expertise. Excuse me. I pulled the wrong line. About $865 million. I would say neither. It is sort of unbalanced. Yes. You're -- you're doing well. Thank you, Darren, and good morning, everybody. Judging by the stock market reaction to our reported earnings, you'd think we had a miserable quarter. But in fact, Loews and all its subsidiaries reported excellent second quarter results, with positive underlying trends from previous quarters remaining intact. Earnings per Loews common share increased to $0.95, up from $0.85 in the second quarter of last year. Strong results from Diamond Offshore and improved investment income were the primary drivers, although each of our subsidiaries is performing well. Earnings per share of Carolina Group increased to $1.30 from $1.09 in the second quarter of last year. CNA reported another very strong quarter, reflecting the Company's continued focus on improving operating fundamentals. Net operating income was the highest ever reported, and the combined ratio for P&C operations decreased by over 100 basis points to 94.9% for the first half of '07 versus the first half of last year. As the insurance market softens, CNA is well-positioned to manage through the business cycle with disciplined underwriting and claims management in its well diversified portfolio of commercial property casualty products and services. Diamond Offshore achieved another quarter of record revenues and earnings. The international markets for semisubmersibles and jackups remains quite healthy and are characterized by strong, leading edge dayrates and improving duration of contract term. In contrast, the Gulf of Mexico jackup market continues to exhibit some pricing weakness. Accordingly, Diamond has announced that another of its jackup rigs, the Ocean King, has departed for the international market where dayrates are stronger. Also announced was a 10,000 foot water depth capable semisubmersible, Ocean Endeavor, has commenced operating under a four-year contract in the Gulf of Mexico after completion of its two-year upgrade and commissioning. The combination of increased average dayrates and the willingness of operators to enter into longer-term contracts have enabled Diamond to steadily increase its revenue backlog, which currently stands at $9 billion. Carolina Group net income in the second quarter was the highest of any quarter since the issuance of Carolina Group stock in 2002. Benefiting from the sales strength of its Newport brand, Lorillard posted a 3.6% volume increase, while also increasing unit profitability versus prior-year second quarter. In a few moments, Marty Orlowsky will discuss operating results for Lorillard in greater detail. Boardwalk Pipeline Partners recorded strong results that benefited from favorable market fundamentals. Earnings were driven by higher storage revenue and increased rates for transportation. Boardwalk also continues to make progress on its pipeline expansion projects, which are expected to contribute to the Company's continued growth as they are brought on line. Boardwalk has announced a cash distribution of $0.44 per unit for the second quarter, which represents a 16% increase over last year's second quarter distribution, and is the sixth consecutive quarterly increase since going public. Loews Hotels had a good quarter, posting a 15% increase in net income. Revenue per available room increased by 7.8%, reflecting ongoing market strength in the luxury and upper upscale hotel segment. In June we announced plans to buy natural gas exploration and production assets from Dominion Resources. Our newest Company will be called Highmount Exploration and Production, and will operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Loews Corporation. We expect the transaction to close soon. As of June 30, our Holding Company cash and investments totalled $5.8 billion. During the second quarter, we received $273 million in dividends from our subsidiary companies, and paid out $83 million in dividends to our shareholders. Also during the quarter, Loews repurchased over 1.4 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $70 million. Now I'll hand things over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will provide additional detail on our financial results. Pete? As far as the IRS is concerned these two steps will be deemed to have been done basically simultaneously. About $865 million. Yes, I would have bought AT&T if we had the cash. I mean, there are always -- my point is there are always bigger and bigger deals that you can do . And the size of the company now is $20 billion. You shouldn't look at the cash just in the context of it's the most cash we've had. I would venture to say that the amount of cash that we have as a percentage of our market value is not at the highest level that it has ever been at. You've heard me say it before; we are not going to let it burn a hole in our pocket. Well, for example, just a few months ago, Boardwalk had an Open Season and is moving forward with moving gas South from the Marcellus down towards Louisiana. And then just last week, the second Open Season for that came to an end, and that seems to have been a successful Open Season. No, no, no, the Diamond -- oh, okay, so that's a quarterly number. Is the $175 million a quarterly number you're talking about? Let me just say. With respect to our businesses, while it may sound inconsistent, it isn't, because I was talking about very, very long-term trends. And I'm not talking about what's going to happen tomorrow or the next day. Yes. So we have the Loews Regency in New York which is a hotel that is of a higher quality than the other Loews Hotel brands. And when we had the opportunity to acquire the former Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco we decided that that would be a good place to extend the Loews Regency brand. So voila you see that we now have two Loews Regency hotels. If we have the opportunity going forward to create more Loews Regency hotels we'd certainly like to do that. So offshore production is about 20 million barrels a day and it is a very important part of total worldwide oil production. Shale production is probably under 5 million barrels a day, so shale production just cannot make up for the production that takes place offshore. That's number one. Number two, when you look at breakeven rates you see that offshore oil drilling in many theaters is very competitive with the economics of shale production. So there's no doubt in my mind that moving forward we'll continue to see shale drilling and shale production and we'll continue to see offshore drilling and offshore production. No, we have no plans. No, not significant. You're talking about the holding company level I assume? You're talking about the financial regulation bill going through the senate right now? Definitely. It's definitely a lot more challenging, we're seeing lots of lookers, But we have a belief that the world is cyclical, and at times, there are a lot of people looking. At times, there aren't, and so there's an old saying, just because you're on a diet doesn't mean you can't read the menu, so we continue to kick tires and look around and hope that we're going to find something, but we also understand that this is a very competitive environment and we're not going to rush into anything that doesn't make 100% sense for us and doesn't really fit fully within our investment parameters of how we want to invest. Actually, we actually took back shares of CNA in return for our CNA preferred shares. Yes, so he has been at CNA for just over three years and there has actually been a lot of activity that has been going on. First of all, there has been a reunderwriting of the book of business. There have been a lot of new underwriters that have come in and a lot of people managing and running our field offices. We bought, as I said before, the minority interest in CNA Surety. We bought Hardy's, which is a Lloyd's syndicate that allows us to instantaneously expand on the international stage since Lloyd's has flags in over 100 countries. Additionally, Tom cleaned up the balance sheet dramatically. He reinsured our asbestos and environmental liabilities with Berkshire Hathaway. He paid down the preferred stock that Loews had and he instituted a dividend. And also, we have seen a very significant improvement in our accident year non-cat combined ratios compared with what I would call our best-in-class competition. So there is no doubt in my mind that CNA is moving up dramatically vis-a-vis the competition. We wouldn't rule out anything, but right now we're focused just on closing this transaction and getting to know the management better. We know them well now, but we want to know them -- get to know them better and get to understand what the real opportunities are with the business. At some later point in time, we will consider if we want to take this public and under what circumstances. We'll get back to you. Jim, my view on the economy, actually, is the same that it's been for the past two or three years. That we are in a -- we had the decline that we had in '08, and going into '09, came about because of an overleverred US economy, and that as a result of the economy being -- economy being overlerred, it is very difficult to get that bounce off the bottom that you would ordinarily expect from a recession. So we're -- we're now growing probably, the last quarter -- the second quarter I think came in at 2.4%. And, many analysts are now forecasting that going forward in the second half of the year we could have growth of less than that amount because of the fiscal drag coming about from state governments as well as the -- the way the stimulus money starts to ebb, as well. So, I'm generally in agreement. No, we would use our Loews Corporation cash. It was written by a private citizen and I was identified as the CEO of Loews. For those that may not have read the op-ed piece, let me just tell you what the thesis was. The thesis was that there is nothing that the politicians have to do now with respect to greenhouse gases. That they will begin to come down on their own because of what has happened in the market. And specifically, I was referring to the price of oil and the price of gas and made the point that with wind energy costing $0.07 a kilowatt hour to be viable economically compared to a gas-fired power plant requiring $0.13 a kilowatt hour, that we were going to see a lot more wind energy. And in fact, in Texas, they have 5 gigawatts of wind power already in place which represents just under 10% of their capacity. Combined with that, I talked about photo voltaics and made the point that here in New York, we are likely to see in the coming months a 30% increase -- up to a 30% increase in our cost of electricity, which could get as high as $0.30 per kilowatt hour. And that at those types of rates for buying electricity from the grid, that an investment of photo voltaic cells on your rooftop will have a rate of return of about 10%, which is twice what you can earn on New York state municipal bonds. And then finally, I went on to talk about automobiles and the fact that electric powered automobiles will be introduced in a major way starting next year. 1,871,000,000. Yes, that is at a 7% rate to Loews. We get the benefit of the intercompany -- or the corporate dividends receipt deduction. Ancient history. Well, with respect to hedging, there isn't that much we can do, and to the extent that we can do it, we do it operationally through the subsidiaries. So, for example, Diamond Offshore is trying to get the longest contracts it can in order to hedge and maintain its book of business. In the pipeline business, the growth is coming with long-term contracts for the use of these pipelines so that there is some hedge there as well. As you know, it is difficult to hedge both the insurance business and the tobacco business. So, there is not so much hedging we can do. With respect to our cash and debt. We have $5.6 billion of cash. That's a gross number. We have, at the Holding Company $865 million in debt. Thank you, Darren, and good morning. And thanks all of you for joining us on the call today. For the second quarter, Loews net income increased to $366 million from $340 million in the second quarter of 2009. This increase reflects an investment gain of $1 million this year versus a net investment loss of $178 million in the second quarter of '09. Loews reported income before investment gains and losses of $365 million versus $518 million in the second quarter of '09. This decline is primarily the result of decreased earnings from Diamond Offshore, CNA and HighMount, and lower investment income from Loews' trading portfolio. Yes, all three basins have relatively long-lived reserves. You know, Michael, we're not even thinking about that. We're thinking about operating the companies together -- Gulf South and Texas Gas, getting the synergies from them. And just because we have a company doesn't mean that we have to take part of it public. And so we are just not thinking about that right now. And we haven't thought under what conditions we would do that. I think it is a little different. I think what Boone did is, he stated his position based on where his money is. Out of the dividend that Lorillard pays up to Loews. So, with respect to Diamond, I think your question is Yes, Andy, we haven't released those yet, so I don't want to put them out now. Chances are they will come out in our 10K. On the sum of the parts? No, no. There are no plans to upgrade any of our hotels to the Loews Regency brand. Yes. The tracking [stock] structure, we believe, has been ideal for Loews as a means to highlight the value of its tobacco holdings. Its been ideal from the very outset and we see no reason to change that at all. I was talking about the economy. The economic outlook is very, very difficult to discern in the next quarter or for the next year. I think you ask a lot of different people, you get a lot of different answers. And now maybe a year ago, we thought there was more clarity. Truth be told, the clarity lead you to the wrong answer. But now at least we're wiser and understand that there's a lot more volatility to the economic outlook than we've anticipated at any time in the recent past. Okay. Listen, we have a long and glorious history of holding cash at the parent company. We like it. And we have the discipline to hold it even if it pays us precious little in interest. We have of the $3.4 billion of cash at the holding company level, about $500 million is invested in equities and equity-like partnerships. The rest of that money, close to $3 billion, is invested primarily in fixed-income instruments. We have -- our corporate philosophy is to have cash at the holding company level, because only by having cash at the holding company level can we take advantage of opportunities when they appear. So, the cash that we have by the standards of the past few years is high by the standards of a few years before that, I think the cash that we have is low. I would say to you that it's a level that we are very comfortable with that gives us the opportunity to buy back stock if we wanted to do that. Gives us the opportunity to make an acquisition if we see an attractive one come along, and is not so great that it's, as I like to say, it's not burning a hole in our pocket. Well, from the Loews perspective, as you know, we repay the debt, the notional debt as dividends coming to us and our strategy is to continue paying down that notional debt as rapidly as possible so that the Company can -- so that Loews can pay out to CG shareholders as soon as possible basically all of the cash that it receives from Lorillard. Yes. We've always thought that having the -- owning 100% of the general partnership was very attractive because we get the incentive distribution rights which is starting to kick in now as the returns to the limited partners goes higher. So it's a long-term asset that we believe we're holding and we think that it's going to be very valuable for all Loews' shareholders. Yes. We do not maintain an enormous equity exposure. Our equity exposure is on the order now of, I'd say $400 million. Anything is a possibility. Yes. You know, we're seeing odds and ends, but nothing dramatic that really piques our interest or curiosity. There really hasn't -- if you look in the newspapers, you see that there really have not been a lot of transactions that have been done, and I'm not exactly sure why that is, but there's really been nothing that's been of much interest to us. No, definitely not. That's right. Yes, we are very pleased with it. It has delivered exactly what the management had said they would and could deliver a year and a half ago when we first met them. We like the nature of their drilling which is, as we described it, factory drilling. I think they had a 98% or 99% success rate ratio in drilling this past quarter. Reserves have gone up. We are very pleased with what we've got. We feel that we have now a significant base in this business that, if other opportunities come along, we have the management and the knowhow to take advantage of it. So, yes, we are very pleased and are happy to have HighMount as a subsidiary of ours. Josh, we do not comment on why we buy assets or don't buy them. There are lots of reasons for us not buying an asset, other than we don't think the price is appropriate. And we just as a rule don't try to justify the lack of action. Hold on, we are just looking it up. We can give to you year-to-date. And then we could also give you -- we can give you year-to-date and also the second quarter. Production was, for the second quarter was 28.4 billion cubic feet equivalent and year to date was 44.9 billion cubic feet equivalent. Sorry -- year-to-date was 56.5 billion cubic feet equivalent. So you're talking about the wells in the Mississippian Lime? It much more affects us in the management of the portfolio than the underwriting of insurance products. Tom Motamed is not at CNA to do cash flow underwriting. We are there to be in the top quartile of underwriters and to achieve combined ratios commensurate with that. So we are looking to generate significant underwriting income at CNA. No, we are not thinking of franchising per se. We are in the ownership and management business; and we think that we should be able to increase the number of hotels that we have by putting some equity money in, but having partners in ownership. And likewise, we are also going to be looking to increase the number of just hotels that we have under management. Our system is actually increasing pretty significantly. We added hotels in Boston, in Washington, we have the new Cabana Bay Beach Resort in Orlando, we have a new hotel that is going to have the Loews name in a few months in Minneapolis. So our system is expanding. And that should -- while the system is expanding our overhead expenses are not. So yes, that should help us very much with our efficiency. Okay. Yes, we have. And that is why the return in our investment portfolio was as low as it was this quarter. It was basically break even. That is because of the losses that we experienced on those gold-related investments offset the gains we made from the rest of the portfolio. Listen, I think about share repurchases, the way we have been thinking about it for the past 40 years or so. And that is, when we repurchase shares, we think about, number one, how much cash we have. We also think about where the stock is trading, what the prospects for our business is, and whether the stock is trading at a discount or premium to the values and what are the outlooks for each one of our subsidiaries going forward. There is no one formula, but we take all those factors and more into account. You're right, we no longer have the cash flow from Lorillard, but number one, we have fewer shares outstanding. And number two, as I said in my opening remarks, we have dramatically increased the cash flow that we receive from our other subsidiaries. And so this year we will receive, I think, based on the last special dividend that was paid by Diamond Offshore, we'll receive $400 million from Diamond. We received more than $100 million from CNA. We've got good cash flow from Boardwalk and also from our investment portfolio, such that if you would annualize the quarterly cash flow that we had this quarter, it can come to more than $1 billion a year. So we still have very good cash flow and we also have a big treasury with $4 billion of cash which is just under $10 a share with our new share count. So we do not feel cash constrained and the way we think about our share repurchase has not changed over the -- as a result of the split-off of Lorillard. So, for some hotels where there is maintenance CapEx you have to do that just to keep the property up to snuff. For other hotels -- and there isn't a significant additional ROI from that. On the other hand, for a hotel like the Regency, we are expecting a very significant return on our investment as this is really the first major, major upgrade that we have had in the hotel in 50 years and we expect a significant increase in the hotel's EBITDA. So, we believe that the investment will have a significant double-digit rate of return. The other place where we invest for the hotel company, other than maintenance CapEx and rehabilitation CapEx, is in new hotels. And there we are doing that in the form of hotels that we are developing either in Orlando or Chicago, or hotels that we are purchasing. And there, again, we don't put a number on the ROI that we expect out of the investment, but we think those ROIs will be very attractive for us. I can't give you a timeline. What I can say to you, though, is that Boardwalk is now operating more like a C-Corp where they generate their own internally generated capital to finance a lot of their growth projects. There is no doubt that at some point in time, Boardwalk would like to move back to what I would call the MLP model where they pay out most of their distributable cash flow as distribution. But for the foreseeable future, they are going to continue as they are now. It was written by a private citizen and I was identified as the CEO of Loews. For those that may not have read the op-ed piece, let me just tell you what the thesis was. The thesis was that there is nothing that the politicians have to do now with respect to greenhouse gases. That they will begin to come down on their own because of what has happened in the market. And specifically, I was referring to the price of oil and the price of gas and made the point that with wind energy costing $0.07 a kilowatt hour to be viable economically compared to a gas-fired power plant requiring $0.13 a kilowatt hour, that we were going to see a lot more wind energy. And in fact, in Texas, they have 5 gigawatts of wind power already in place which represents just under 10% of their capacity. Combined with that, I talked about photo voltaics and made the point that here in New York, we are likely to see in the coming months a 30% increase -- up to a 30% increase in our cost of electricity, which could get as high as $0.30 per kilowatt hour. And that at those types of rates for buying electricity from the grid, that an investment of photo voltaic cells on your rooftop will have a rate of return of about 10%, which is twice what you can earn on New York state municipal bonds. And then finally, I went on to talk about automobiles and the fact that electric powered automobiles will be introduced in a major way starting next year. The correct response is yes. We look for both. The thing that we keep talking about is how we are focused on creating long-term value for all of our shareholders. That really is what drives us every day in what we do. There are -- we try not to have any bias in our analysis of opportunities. We just try to look for the transactions that will create the most value for all our shareowners. We find that as we start to explore and get knowledgeable about different transactions, we tend to figure out what really is the best way to execute them in order to create that value. So it is just a long process, a lot of hard work, study, and diligence. We participated in -- we've bought some bank loans, some high yield bank loans, loans that have gone from par a year ago to 85 just a few weeks ago. We've made purchases in those securities from time to time. We've been dabbling in the corporate bond market, as well as the municipal bond market. These are all markets where we see plenty of opportunities amid the stress that most of the market is feeling. Pete, do you want to talk about that? Sure. For the natural gas pipeline business, we've said we expected after-tax double-digit cash on cash return on equity. And in fact, we have more than achieved that. In this business, we are expecting a double-digit after-tax return on equity, but the difference is, this time it's not going to be all in cash. We do expect to have dividends from this investment that will at least equal what we would have earned on our cash. But the other thing that's going to happen here is that we -- every year, we anticipate, should be increasing value through the drill bit. Specifically, through increased reserved. So we expect to discover more reserves than we actually produce in the year. So if you put a monetary value of $2.00 or $2.50 an Mcf on the reserves that we find, that when you add that then to the cash that we receive and the tax benefits that we receive from this transaction that we will as well exceed that target of double-digit returns for the company. Yes? No. Sorry. Well, I haven't even thought about tax return transactions. This is an MLP is just totally different than a C-Corp, and in an MLP, the general partner has total control over the enterprise, just as in any partnership the general partner has total control and the limited partners are there as filing investors. Now, we take very -- we take a lot of consideration into account for the welfare of the limited partners, because we know that the valuation of their shares affects the valuation of Loews. So on the one hand, we're trying to gain good value for the general partner, but we know that Loews has an awful lot of shares of the limited partnership interest, and we are doing everything we can to improve the valuation of those limited partnership shares. Thank you. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. Bonnie, let me step in for a second. Newport's been defending its share for the past 30 years, and in all of that time its market share has gone up. It's already dealt with the entrance of Marlboro into the menthol market, and its share has gone up, and it's dealt with the repositioning of Salem and Cool many times, and nonetheless the market share has gone up. So I don't really see anything so different now than we've seen over the past 20 or 30 years. The CNA Surety, for those that don't know, is a surety company that was owned about two-thirds by CNA and the other one-third by the public, and CNA announced in late 2010 that it wanted to acquire the minority interest, and actually completed or is just in the process of completing that transaction now. I would say to some extent we've seen an uptick in price driven by the master limited partnerships that are trying to buy properties for their MLP's. So there's been a slight uptick in price. Michael, today doesn't matter. We have to wait until May or so, and then we will make a determination. Thank you. Let me just say -- one other thing I want to say. I want to add something to my remarks, even though there is no question. And that is the issue relating to the FASB and these new accounting rules for insurance companies. They will make it very difficult for investors to be able to understand what is going on within an insurance company and also what is going on within the insurance industry. If these rules get put in place as proposed by the FASB, it will make it very difficult to compare the numbers from one quarter to another quarter within a company. And that is because the reserves are going to be discounted and the discount rate is going to change every quarter and can change from one line of business to another line of business. So the measures that we use today to look at our insurance profitability will not be used when, as and if these rules are implemented. And likewise, the problem for comparing from one company to another company is that different companies will use different discount rates to compute the present value of their reserves. From my perspective and the perspective of Loews and CNA the current system that we have in place is tried and true and tested. It is conservative because reserves are not discounted, but the system gives us a very good sense of the profitability of the company as well as the financial standing of the company. So it is really unclear to us why the FASB wants to tinker with these rules in the first place, but that is what they are doing. Let me turn the call back to Jackie. We foresee very attractive -- very, very attractive double-digit IRRs from investments in this property. This property cost us $106 million. We think there could be more than 600 drilling sites, and that would mean drilling expenditures over the life of the property in excess of $1.5 billion. And we see very attractive IRRs on that drilling investment. I would just say it was more about not being in the strong sectors of the stock market. We didn't really have any significant debts in fixed income and part of the problem is that cash earns you pretty close to zero, so you don't get any benefit from -- to your income statement from having cash. So this was all about just being in the wrong sector in the stock market. We provide that in our annual report. You know, it is part of a conscious plan to focus on cash. We at the holding company think that earnings are nice but it doesn't buy you very much. And cash is the legal tender in this country that gives you buying power. So, we strongly encourage our subsidiaries to pay cash to -- up to the parent in the form of dividends, up to the parent and a minority holder of those subsidiaries. And that, to us, really reflects the true worth of our subsidiaries. So, the conscious plan is to collect cash at the parent company and then for the parent company to wait for the opportune time to deploy that cash. It is 8:30, Bulova Watch time and Verizon Standard Time. So we're going to begin our Investor Conference. Good morning and welcome. My name is Jim Tisch and I'm the CEO of Loews Corporation. And I want to welcome you to the Loews Corporation Investor Conference. The Loews message is a pretty simple one, but the diversity of our holdings makes us seem complex. We hope that after listening to our presentations today, that you'll walk away with a better understanding of our structure, our subsidiaries and the role of our holding company. To dispel any mystery, Loews exists to create value for its shareholders, it's that simple. We do this by making opportunistic acquisitions, optimizing the performance and value of our subsidiaries and efficiently managing our capital structure and liquid assets. Everything we do is in pursuit of this goal. The last 12 months has been a dynamic period for Loews. We've seen operating improvements in all of our subsidiaries and growth in most of our business lines. Additionally, we have taken actions to optimize our capital structure. [Net] income to Loews shareholders increased over 56% in the first quarter versus the first quarter of last year, reflecting the underlying operational strength of our subsidiaries. Noteworthy is the increasing diversification of the holding companies cash flow. In addition to Lorillard, Diamond Offshore and Boardwalk Pipelines are now meaningful contributors of cash flow. We are focused on continuing to diversify the company's sources of cash. In November of '05, we took Boardwalk Pipelining Partners public as a master limited partnership. This structure, in addition to highlighting the value of our pipeline holdings, provides an efficient mechanism to finance expansion projects which you will hear more about later on this morning. Also notable is that since March 31st of '05 we have been able to nearly double the net cash position of the holding company in addition to paying down $1.2 billion in debt. Part of the increase in our cash position came from the sale of Carolina Group Stock in November of '05 and again this May. All in all we've had a busy year and we're very pleased with the successes. Some of you may be more familiar with our subsidiaries than with Loews as a whole. We are a holding company with six operating businesses, four of which trade publicly. We also have a sizeable investment portfolio. Each subsidiary has its own talented management team and its own Board of Directors, and our involvement, as I've alluded to earlier, is focused on significant strategic, financial and capital allocation issues. Loews Hotels and Bulova, while not presenting here today, are none the less very important to Loews. I'll be commenting on them in my remarks later on this morning. Before the leaders of our four largest businesses take the stage, I wanted to highlight some of the issues that you should be on the lookout for as you listen to them. With respect to Diamond Offshore, I think everyone is aware that the energy sector has been very hot for almost two years. What's important to note is that we see sustainable strength in the offshore drilling market, based on forecasted drilling demand and our contracted dayrates going out into 2007 and beyond. We are investing in our fleet by upgrading rigs and building new rigs when cost effective, in order to keep pace with demand. Diamond's earnings and cash flow are strong which enabled it to increase its regular dividend and in the first quarter of this year pay a special dividend approximately equal to last year's full-year earnings. Boardwalk Pipelines is a great illustration of how Loews, in partnership with managed -- with operating management, can create value. Texas Gas and Gulf South have come together extremely well because they are geographically complimentary and have potential for operational synergies. The gas pipeline industry is very dynamic and Loews and Boardwalk together, are well positioned to capitalize on the numerous opportunities for organic growth. The creation of the MLP structure permits us to finance expansion projects that will serve customers while providing good returns to unit holders including Loews. The company which came public at $19.50 a share, in November, is now trading at around $24. Our Lorillard subsidiary continues to perform well as its premier Newport brands continue to grow and gain market share. And in the process generate strong earnings and cash flow. During the past four quarters Carolina Group has paid down $300 million of its notional debt to Loews Group. Lorillard's success has been reflected in the performance of Carolina Group Stock which is up over 55% during the last 12 months. You know, I'd prefer not to get into a game of narrowing down the size. You know, first the answer is no, but secondly, if the answer were yes, I'd have to shoot everybody in this room or else immediately make a securities filing. And number three, and as important, CNA has shareholders, but it also has employees, insureds, and other stakeholders. And I fully get it, because I'm a Wall Street guy. I get it that it's easy to look at CNA or any other company as a share of stock. But it's really much more than that. It's an enterprise that has to be managed, and I don't blame you for asking the question. The problem for me in answering it is that we've got lots of other constituencies that we have to worry about, that just make it difficult to answer. If we were to borrow say ten-year money, it would look on an absolute basis very attractive. But then what you have to do is think about okay, what am I going to do with the cash? Suppose we were to borrow $1 billion. That $1 billion would be spent after the $4.3 billion that we already have on the balance sheet was spent. So this is the last cash that will be spent. The problem is suppose we could borrow for say under -- say 4.5% or so. The problem is we're going to invest the money at about zero. So we have got on an annual basis a 450 basis point negative carry. That means that in a year or two, we could afford for interest rates to have gone up 100 or 150 basis points and we could still be equally well-off not having issued now versus issuing later. So the problem really is that the negative carry makes it expensive, combined with the fact that we have no use for the money. I don't want to go into any specifics about what we might do in terms of buying back shares of any of our subsidiaries. Thank you, Pete. Before we open up the call to questions, I wanted to add that we at Loews firmly believe in the benefits of portfolio diversification. At any given time our subsidiaries face different market environments, some challenging, others more hospitable. Today Boardwalk faces market headwinds that remain financially sound. Although Boardwalk's recent announcement may be disappointing, we believe that the Company's actions will support long-term financial strength and future growth of the Company. And it will benefit all of its shareholders, including Loews, in the long term. Now we will turn the call back over to Mary. How about Loews shareholders? Sometimes the wheels of justice move very slowly. So, when I think about my job description I would say there are two words that best describe it, and that is asset allocator. And what we tend to do here at Loews all the time is think about where to invest cash, we have lots and lots of different opportunities to do that. We can do that in our subsidiaries from time to time to the extent that they have projects that need help from us, or we can invest in -- reinvest in fixed income for CNA. We are constantly looking at equity prices. We're constantly looking at rates of return that can be had on one type of investment versus another. And in fact, the reason we got out of the -- the reason that we sold HighMount is because we saw that the rates of return that we could achieve by putting more money into HighMount was insufficient compared to the rates of return that we could see in other areas of investment. So we are constantly monitoring markets. We are constantly looking at corporate transactions to buy a new business. We're constantly assessing the value of Loews. We're constantly assessing the value of the stock market and the rates of return that can be available in other investments and putting that into our heads and every day coming to decisions as to where the most attractive investments are. And share repurchases are just one part of that larger puzzle. I'm going to state a firm and fast rule here. I'm not talking about the disposition of any of our companies. First of all, it it creates rumors, number one. Number two, it is phenomenally disrupting to the people that work at those subsidiaries that are working for all of our shareholders and it is the kind of question that I can't even answer anyway, because if we were considering disposing of it, do you think I would make and announcement on this call to do so? So chalk me up to a no comment to your question. Blaine, I see that this is your first time for the call because you talked about how being a controlled entity makes CNA an uninteresting investment. Well, by the same token you wouldn't have bought Carolina Group when it went from $25 a share and at one point more than triple. We don't -- we manage our subsidiaries as -- our public subsidiaries the way you would hope management would manage their own public company. We have a focus creating value for all the shareholders and we believe that over time, the market will recognize that value. With respect to CNA, you're right, there are lots of problems in the industry, but the question that you have to ask yourself is whether or not the market reflects those issues. I personally am comfortable with our mortgage-backed portfolio and I'm comfortable with the other assets that we have on the CNA balance sheet. And the fact that CNA doesn't trade at a premium to book value was a reason why CNA selected to buy in shares this quarter. But having said that, I should also say that having CNA as a public Company, even if it's priced at a discount to what we might think its real value is, is nonetheless positive because it does provide a benchmark for all investors to be able to determine the value and worth of CNA to Loews. I think somewhat so. I think that by having the MLP it gives Boardwalk a cheaper source of capital than it might otherwise have if it were held by us simply as a C Corporation. We have shareholders that are interested in the dividend that they receive; right now the yield on the stock is I think about 7.5%. And we want -- we very much want to increase the dividend beyond that but remember that dividend is a pretax 7.5%. And when we bought both Texas Gas and Gulf South we were talking about double-digit after-tax cash on cash returns. So we have a somewhat lower bogey and as a result of that we have we think the ability to do transactions that we otherwise might not do if we were doing as a loan. As you mentioned we do as a general partner get higher, what they call in the business splits, as the dividend is increased and that will go to benefit the Loews shareholders. Just under -- it will be -- at the current dividend rate it will be just under $500 million. Yes. Right now the muni market is priced pretty well from an issuer's perspective. I could see a situation where if muni investors get concerned about Puerto Rico and then you add on top of that they get concerned about certain state and municipality pension liabilities. And you could see the retail investor start to move away from the municipal market. And if that happens you could see possibly forced selling on behalf of mutual funds. And if that is the case often times they sell the good solid names because the gamier names often don't have a bid. And so you could see a real decline in the municipal market as a result. So let me talk about what we did in tobacco and let me talk about what we did with [Bulova Watch] which are the two most recent dispositions that we made. In tobacco, we started to take it public in 2002 or 2003 with tracking stock. We did that because shareholders wanted to have a sense of what the value of our tobacco business was. Over the next five years or so, we would make sales of that every 12 to 18 months. And then before we knew it, we were down to a 35% economic interest in the tobacco business. So we decided at that point in time that given our minority investment that it really made sense to split-off that investment from Loews in return for Loews shares. So it took us out of the tobacco business entirely. So we were able to, in essence, monetize our investment in tobacco. That took away from us the negative publicity of being in -- in the tobacco business -- and gave people the option to decide whether they wanted to be investors in Loews or in Lorillard. At about the same time, we also sold Bulova Watch. The reason for selling Bulova Watch is that it was a small business, a very small business. It made no difference to our bottom line. And we saw no prospect that it could increase dramatically. So we had an attractive bid for it and we decided to sell the business. Prior to that, basically, the only other business we sold was in 1987 when we were in the movie theater business and sold that business. Otherwise, all the businesses that we've had we continue to own and we tend not to think about selling them per se. Much more, we think about how they should invest, what their strategy should be in order for them to continue to grow within their industry. So, let me just describe (multiple speakers) what happened. We were in the tobacco business since 1967. It was a very good business for us. In 2001 or 2002, we decided to take it public, but we took it public in a very non-standard way. We sold tracking stock rather than selling shares of Lorillard. And the reason we did that is that we wanted to make sure that everybody's interests were the same. And we could do that by selling shares of the tracking stock. And then over time, we sold more and more tracking stock to the public, so that our ownership interest in Lorillard ultimately went down to about 35% and then at that point in time, which was in 2008, we decided that rather than having the tobacco business on our balance sheet 100% even though we're only getting 35% of the economics that made sense to do a split off. So, we exchanged shares of Lorillard for shares of Loews. The sum and substance of all of that was that it was an extraordinarily efficient disposal of our tobacco business over a six or seven-year period. We got out of the tobacco business, because we just thought better that it be a stand-alone company than as a part of Loews and that for the Loews shareholders they could decide whether they wanted to own a tobacco business or a conglomerate. When we think about selling businesses, we take it very seriously, because we don't do it very often. We tend to own businesses measured in decades. And we're happy to ride out cycles, but if we see something that just says maybe it's time to depart this business, we'll do that. So that's what happened in our exploration and production business, it's what happened with Lorillard, where we saw declining units and extraordinary political pressure. So each time we dispose of something, it's for probably a different reason, we look to get out in a way that maximizes the return to Loews and to our shareholders. Our pleasure. On an adjusted -- when you say adjusted basis, what do you mean? Well, in both the Mississippian Lime and also in the Permian basin, in the Wolfcamp Shale we are looking to see if we can produce oil from those two regions economically. We know there is oil down there because we have drilled wells and we have and we still are producing it. But the question is whether we can figure out how to extract the oil and earn at least a reasonable rate of return on our investment. It will take us another several quarters to be able to determine whether or not we can do that. But we do know that the oil is down there. Yes, the key balance sheet items are -- we sold HighMount in its entirety, we got cash for that. We have no properties and I don't think that we booked anything in terms of taxes. We do have a tax loss carry forward that should benefit us over the next several years. It's all of the above I would say. Number one, in terms of the securities markets, especially the fixed income markets, while on the one hand we've seen a significant rally in treasuries, we have seen just about the opposite reaction in all other securities. So that bank loans are down 10 points from where they were a year ago, which is an enormous amount. You see what's going on in the mortgage market, and likewise there's also been significant declines of securities in the high yield and other markets. So we think that this is a time of opportunity, not stress for us, to make investments for our portfolio, that over the intermediate to long term will be very, very attractive. With respect to &quot;acquisitions,&quot; we continue to look and for sure, prices are down today compared to where they were six months and a year ago, but also the outlook for the future is much cloudier now. So we are -- we look at a lot of things, we look very carefully, and for sure, we don't want to put ourselves in a position where we buy something one day and then two weeks later we find it's worth half of what we paid for it. So we're being very careful and -- in our search and we feel there's no need to be in a rush. Nothing has changed. Bob, you know that we don't comment on our share repurchases, so I just won't say anything about that now. It almost sounds like a (inaudible) question. I landed in Houston -- sorry -- I landed in New Orleans for some meetings that I had there and as I was getting into the car, the driver opened -- popped open the trunk of the car and I was just about to throw my bags in and there I saw what looked like a big scuba tank and it said propane. And so I asked the driver about it and in fact that was a propane fueled automobile. Now I don't think that growth in natural gas liquids is going to come from Lincoln Town cars running on propane gas but if you read the trade press, you can see that there is a lot of talk about LNG for trucks and as well for locomotives. My guess is that is where the growth is going to come from as well as from inner-city delivery trucks that are -- work the streets during the day and come back to a garage at night. So I am a believer that we are going to see significant increases in demand for our natural gas and I also think that significant demand increase is going to come from the exportation of natural gas which should begin in the next two, three, or four years. Right. Well, that's up to the Board of Directors of Loews. But what we've said previously is that the Board's goal is to pay down the notional debt of Carolina Group which currently stands at $1.5 billion, and then once that's paid down then all the cash flow that the Carolina Group receives from Lorillard could conceivably be paid in the form of a dividend. Let me go to the cost cutting first. We leave it up to each of our business to manage themselves, but we monitor very closely what is going on. I don't think there is an opportunity for a wholesale cost cutting across each -- all of our companies. Rather, they each monitor that all the time. They know that we are looking at it. So, I don't think so you will see any extraordinary cost cutting going on. With respect to the valuation of Loews, it has historically traded at a discount. And as you know, the Company has used that as opportunity to repurchase shares, and, in fact, that's what we did to the tune of $300 million in the first quarter of the year. My goal is that the stock will not trade at a discount to its net asset value. So far, I can't say that I have been any good at delivering on my goal. But it is a goal that we have. And hopefully one day the market will recognize the value that those of us here at the Holding Company at Loews have created and that they will reward us with a PE multiple that is greater than a 30% or 40% discount to the market. And that the market will recognize that over the past 10 years, 20 years, 30, 40, and even 50 years, that shareholders of Loews have achieved rates of return in excess of 15% a year. No. They are generally being held in cash instruments. So roughly I would say the amount of hedge funds and equities that we own did not increase. That is correct. And what do you mean by &quot;deleverage&quot;? Yes. No, we're not looking to increase the leverage of our Boardwalk Pipelines. It is now a solid tripled-B rated credit, and that is really where we want to keep it. I think you should leave it out. You know, right now, historically for several quarters we had been investing in Treasury Securities of lengths up to 10 years, and we had, as interest rates had come down we had taken gains in those trading securities. Right now those cash balances are invested primarily in cash. So you should expect that the investment income will reflect current short-term interest rates, which is not too exciting but our goal is not to lose money. That's right. Those are between the two parties. About $865 million. About 20%. You know I don't want to speak for the Board on that. That is an issue that comes up quarterly at the Board and that is really their prerogative. Good morning, David. No. We are currently receiving incentive payments -- incentive distribution rights on our general partnership interests. We're at the 25% level and we get to the 50% level once the distribution gets to $0.525 Yes. I think -- and I have felt this way for a few years now -- that acquisitions in this environment are very difficult for a few reasons. Number one, because the future is really not clear. I don't have a clear view of whether the economy is going to grow at 2%, 4% or 0%, and there still are an enormous number of uncertainties that those of us that manage businesses have to deal with day in and day out. That is number one. Number two, there really aren't a lot of properties or assets that are for sale at prices that I think would be attractive for Loews shareholders. So, we are happy to continue to own our businesses. We are happy to repurchase shares. And we are happy to have significant amounts of cash on our balance sheet. So we don't feel any strong urge or itch to go out and do a big deal. Maybe, a little bit. We are frustrated that prices for businesses seem, to us, relatively high, but I would say that all we have to do is find one and that's what we are doing, we are looking for one, not a whole bunch. So we are constantly sorting through all the different opportunities and looking for the one transaction that will make sense for us. Think of them as completely separate, that CNA has the capacity to borrow on its own balance sheet and we totally believe that CNA should borrow on the basis of its own balance sheet. If for some reason heaven forbid they were an extremist, then we would consider making a loan to them but only at what we consider to be attractive market rates. So that the Loews shareholders aren't necessarily subsidizing the CNA shareholders. But we hope and expect that each one of our subsidiaries will finance themselves. But the other thing I should say is that we are buying these, but we are not going whole hog into them. We've bought a goodly amount but we're always careful to avoid too much concentration and too much risk to our capital. I am staying with my forecast. And when you said growth has been a bit below it, below my 2% mark, I am reminded of what [Larry Lindsey] said to me. And he may have been quoting some other economist, but he said that economists use decimal points to show the world that they have a sense of humor. That was most probably the marked-to-market on our fixed-income portfolio, primarily at CNA. If you'll notice, at CNA, it also had an outsized impact on the increase in CNA's book value. All you have to do is consult your commerce clearinghouse book. I think you know it as well as we do. So, I don't foresee Diamond purchasing any third, fourth or fifth generation rigs. When you look at the economics of purchasing a third, fourth or fifth generation rig what you quickly realize is that the purchase price of the rig is really incidental and very small in comparison to the cost of recommissioning the rig and going through a special survey. So, in my opinion the cycle is different, slightly different this time than last time because in the cycle, say in the late 1980s, early 1990s you were able to buy rigs, recommission them for very little and bingo you would be back in business. This time the cost to recommission a rig after it has been in stacked mode for a few years can in some instances be measured -- can be greater than $100 million. So, it doesn't -- the economics of that are not driven by whether you pay $5 million for the rig or $7 million for the rig. We feel that we have enough of that class of rigs that when and if the industry comes back we will make a lot of money from those rigs. And we would anticipate making money then from sixth generation and later rigs if the market truly improves. No, we would use our Loews Corporation cash. Right. What I want to do is I want to treat spinoff questions and split-off questions the same way we treat share repurchase questions. And that is, I don't want to give you a sense of what we're doing for the simple reason that if we do, there's a good possibility that people on the Street will shoot against whatever it is we're trying to accomplish. So at this point in time, I think it's better for us just to remain silent on what the ultimate plans are. I would say neither. It is sort of unbalanced. They put a ceiling on it instead, I think. But the other thing I should say is that we are buying these, but we are not going whole hog into them. We've bought a goodly amount but we're always careful to avoid too much concentration and too much risk to our capital. No. No. It is by and large pretty boring, which is the way we like to keep it. Are you talking -- so the first question was --? Thank you, Mary, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today's reports contain some disappointing news. No business or industry can escape the occasional bump in the road and it just so happens that several of our companies have hit bumps at the same time. But before I share any of that news with you, I want to make clear that this quarter has not altered my view of the fundamental strength of Loews and all of our subsidiaries. I feel certain that there are smoother roads ahead. Loews maintains a strong and flexible balance sheet, including significant amounts of cash, so we can manage through cyclical downturns and position ourselves and our subsidiaries for future success and long-term value creation. Enough of the preamble, on with the call. As you have seen from our press release, Loews reported full-year 2013 net income of $595 million compared to $568 million in 2012. And, likewise, for the fourth quarter Loews reported a net loss of $198 million compared to a net loss of $32 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. I want to touch on some key points and then turn the call over to Pete Keegan who will go into more detail about our quarterly and full-year results, which include several unusual items. 2013 was a mixed year for our subsidiaries. It was a very good year for CNA as the Company continued to improve its underwriting margins and generated its highest income since 2006. CNA's combined ratio, excluding catastrophes and developments, improved by 5 points. Its statutory capital grew by 11% year over year and net operating income was very strong. As evidence of CNA's strong capital position and improved underwriting performance, CNA announced this morning that it has declared a special dividend of $1 per share and increased its quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share. With a quarterly dividend at that rate, for the full year 2014 Loews would receive close to $500 million in dividends from CNA alone. We are very pleased with CNA's improvement and believe that the Company is well positioned for growth and profitability. For other subsidiaries, such as Boardwalk and HighMount, the past year was challenging as both companies operated in difficult environments. Let's start by reviewing the current state of the US natural gas market, which affects both Boardwalk and HighMount. Production from shale plays, such as the Marcellus and Utica shales, continues to grow making more traditional natural gas flows like HighMount's Sonora field uneconomic to drill at current gas prices. The Marcellus and Utica shales are also having a significant impact on the economics of natural gas transportation. Natural gas, which traditionally has been transported from the Gulf Coast to markets in the Northeast, is being displaced in the Northeast by Marcellus and Utica shale production. In just two years natural gas production has grown from 6 billion cubic feet per day to 13 billion cubic feet per day and could exceed 25 billion cubic feet per day by 2020. As a result, dramatically less natural gas is being shipped from the Gulf Coast to the Northeast. Therefore, long-haul transportation rates are under pressure and, likewise, pipeline contracts are being renewed at lower prices and for shorter terms. Increased Northeast gas production has also led to a compression of seasonal spreads and reduced volatility, thereby diminishing the value of natural gas storage. All of these factors have significantly impacted Boardwalk's financial performance and its ability to maintain its current distribution to shareholders. In response to the current environment and in order to strengthen its balance sheet and better position the Company for long-term growth, Boardwalk announced earlier today a reduction in its cash distribution per unit. Keep in mind that Boardwalk still generates copious amounts of cash. Boardwalk has reduced its distribution, not to because of the Company -- not because the Company is financially distressed, rather this action was driven by Boardwalk's desire to reduce its leverage ratios through a combination of higher EBITDA from internally-funded capital projects and debt reduction. The distribution reduction should also dramatically reduce the Company's need to access the equity markets, which should allow Boardwalk to avoid what could be considerable dilution to all unitholders. Additionally, Loews is prepared to offer Boardwalk up to $300 million in subordinated debt to support planned growth projects in 2014. While in the short term the Marcellus and Utica shale plays are creating challenges for Boardwalk, they could in the long run provide significant opportunities for growth. Boardwalk concluded its open season for the Ohio-to-Louisiana Access Project on its Texas Gas Interstate Pipeline system, which will provide natural gas transportation from the Marcellus and Utica shales to diverse delivering markets in Louisiana. Although small, it is indicative of future opportunities that may arise from growth in the Marcellus and Utica shale plays. As Boardwalk's CEO, Stan Horton, mentioned on their call earlier today, the Company also concluded its open season for the proposed Bluegrass project. Boardwalk continues to analyze results of the open season, engage in ongoing discussions with potential customers, and evaluate the project. In the past, we have expressed our willingness to offer financial support for growth projects at Boardwalk. Should Bluegrass go forward, we would expect to continue to partner with Boardwalk on this project. Loews would also consider partnering with Boardwalk on other larger opportunities. Let's turn to HighMount. As we have mentioned for a number of quarters, HighMount's operating results continue to be negatively affected by relatively low prices for natural gas and natural gas liquids, as well as the lack of successful development of new proved reserves. Both of these factors are reflected in HighMount's ceiling test impairment charge and goodwill write-down. HighMount has more than 500,000 acres in Sonora, Texas, where it has historically drilled for and produced natural gas. As you know, HighMount previously suspended its natural gas focused drilling program in Sonora and has refocused its efforts on drilling for oil, primarily in the Wolfcamp zone within its Sonora acreage. HighMount continues its science experiments by testing landing zones, frac design, and completion techniques to determine the economic viability of developing an oil drilling program in the Wolfcamp. We are hopeful that HighMount's science experiment will be successful and that the Company will be able to commercially exploit the oil reserves within the Wolfcamp. Stay tuned. Before I turn the call over to Pete Keegan, I want to add a shameless pitch for the newly-reopened Loews Regency Hotel in New York. They have truly done an incredible job -- the place sparkles. Please come visit the Regency and see for yourself. Now over to Pete. You know, you're talking about far in the future and I just don't know. Yes, Bob, there is a good story, but we have got to figure out if that is good for Loews Corp. and also for Loews Hotels. And right now I think it just seems to us it doesn't make sense. So Loews Hotels is 100% owned and for the foreseeable future will stay that way. The natural gas is 77% of the reserves, natural gas liquids are 22%, and oil is 1%. The proved developed producing is about 71% of the total proved reserves. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. In the third quarter Loews had net income from continuing operations of $179 million or $0.47 per share compared to $318 million or $0.82 per share for the third quarter of 2013. The main causes of this decline were results of [T&A] and in the parent Company investment portfolio. Our CFO, David Edelson, will provide more detail in his remarks. Before reviewing key developments in our businesses, I want to take a moment to focus on our share repurchases. Year to date we have repurchased 13.6 million shares of Loews common stock for $581 million. In the third quarter we repurchased 5.1 million shares. And since October 1 we have repurchased an additional 4 million shares. At the holding Company level share repurchases are one of the key levers we use to increase shareholder value. The other levers are investing in our subsidiary and acquiring new businesses. Additionally, as I like to say, if there is nothing to do, do nothing. We are comfortable letting our portfolio of cash and investments build if we don't see near-term opportunity. One of the metrics we consider when thinking about Loews' share repurchases is the sum of the parts calculation. And especially the sum of the market value of our publicly traded parts compared to the price of Loews shares. Importantly, we also assess the sum of the parts based on our own view of the intrinsic value of each of our publicly traded subsidiaries rather than just the market price. The lower our share price relative to these valuations the more excited we are about repurchasing our shares. We try to look beyond today's market sentiment and consider the longer-term prospects for each of our businesses when we repurchase shares. We've always believed that repurchasing our shares at prices below intrinsic value enhances the long-term value of Loews common stock. Our share repurchases have greatly contributed to the significant long-term outperformance of our stock versus the S&P 500. Now let's take a look at the performance of our subsidiaries. At CNA the Company remains focused on improving underwriting results, even as rate increases become less robust across the commercial Property Casualty market. Both CNA specialty and CNA commercial improved their underlying loss and combined ratios versus the prior year, although operating income decreased for reasons that David Edelson will explain shortly. CNA's management team continues to take underwriting actions to improve profitability in CNA commercial with the goal of CNA eventually becoming a top quartile underwriter. CNA specialty, which represents almost half of CNA's P&C net premiums, continues to perform quite well. CNA's balance sheet reflects its financial strength and stability. With $11.4 billion of statutory surplus and $13 billion of Equity the Company's capital position has never been stronger. Turning to Diamond, the Offshore Drilling market continues to be challenging with day rates well off their peaks and long-term contracts few and far between. The difficult market conditions are reflected in Diamond's operating results and its decision to scrap six mid-water floaters. That being said, there is good news to report from Diamond. On October 23 the Company announced the contract with Hess Corporation for the last two of Diamond's newbuild drill ships, the Ocean BlackRhino and the Ocean BlackLion. The [Hess] contracts, which were the result of a Herculean effort by Diamond's new management team, are expected to generate combined total revenue of about $1 billion and represent seven years of contract drilling backlog. With this agreement all of Diamond's newbuilds have been awarded long-term contracts. In addition, all four newbuild drill ships will be working in the US Gulf of Mexico where they will have lower operating costs than in international ultra-deepwater markets. Equally important, Diamond recently announced that Petrobras has extended the contracts on three ultra-deepwater semisubmersibles. These contracts are expected to generate a maximum total revenue of $1.4 billion and represent an additional nine years of contract drilling backlog. And finally, during the quarter Diamond increased its revolving credit facility to $1.5 billion, adding flexibility to its already strong balance sheet. The goal is to position Diamond to take advantage of opportunities that may arise from the difficult conditions in the Offshore Drilling market. Moving on to Boardwalk, the Company continues to make headway on securing long-term commitments from customers to utilize newbuild pipelines connecting to end use markets. Boardwalk's pipeline project that will supply natural gas to the Freeport LNG terminal is a great example of this strategy in action. Boardwalk has entered into 20-year firm agreements with shippers to transport approximately 1.4 billion cubic feet a day of natural gas to the planned liquefaction terminal in Freeport, Texas. The Company anticipates starting operations in 2018 and expects to earn a double-digit unlevered return on assets. Boardwalk is seeing more opportunities like the Freeport project with attractive rates of return that ultimately should position the Company for growth over the long term. Last but not least, let's turn to Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels continues to focus on building its brand and broadening its customer base through the addition of new properties in gateway cities and resort destinations. The financial results are improving nicely, although that's tough to discern from our reported segment information, as David will highlight. During the quarter Loews Hotels announced that, in partnership with Universal Studios, it will develop its fifth hotel in Orlando, the Loews Sapphire Falls. With this project Loews will build on its very successful 15-year partnership with Universal Studios. When the 1,000 room Sapphire Falls opens in the second half of 2016 it will bring a total number of on-site hotel rooms at Universal Orlando to 5,200. As a reminder, the 400 room Loews Chicago Hotel is scheduled to open during the first quarter of 2015. As I like to say, make your reservations now. With the addition of the Loews Chicago Hotel and the new resort in Orlando our network will have grown from 18 hotels in 2012 to 23 hotels by the end of 2016. And in that same period the number of rooms will have increased 50% from just over 8,000 to more than 12,000. Now I would like to turn the call over to David for more details on our third-quarter results. Leave it out, yes. Either probably tomorrow night or Friday morning. We owe $100 million. The notional debt I think is $975 million. We're going to be getting into the world of oil and gas accounting, so an important factor here is that we are getting a step up basis so that we will spread this $4.25 billion (sic -- see press release) purchase price over all of the assets that we're acquiring. That shouldn't affect the earnings too much, but will have an affect on the cash flow because we should get some significant tax benefits from having that tax shield. Yes. The CapEx was $125 million. Yes, so I would say this, that the producers in the Marcellus currently have enough takeaway capacity for the next few years, and they seem not to be thinking beyond that time frame for what to do with their natural gas liquids. So like I said, my guess is that we were a year or two early -- we being Boardwalk. That's correct and likewise, Loews has a shelf as well. That's not a hedge then. That's a sale. Okay. I hear you. Oh, I'm sorry. No, no significant change. We have, I think, about $700 million of hedge fund investments and another $400 million to $500 million of equity investments. And then beyond that it is mostly in short-term investments that earn very, very little. Thank you, Josh. Good morning, to everybody. Loews enjoyed a good first quarter as business conditions continued to be favorable for all of our subsidiaries. Each of our Companies performed well, some showed dramatic increases in earnings. CNA posted its sixth-consecutive quarter of solid earnings after the restructuring it underwent in '03. The Company's core PNC operations registered improvements in premium rates, while keeping retention stable and again, registered a combined ratio under 100. We remain confident that CNA's efforts to focus its business, reduce its expenses, and strengthen its balance sheet, will enable it to deliver steady shareholder returns over time. Lorillard earnings increase significantly over last year, as sales volumes improved and promotional spending declined. The Newport, both volumes and market share were higher, but I don't want to steal Marty Orlowsky's thunder. He'll join us a moment to add more color to our tobacco results. Diamond Offshore continued to benefit from very robust market conditions in offshore drilling. It's earnings contribution to Loews increased measurably as its net income improved by almost $40 million. Diamond Offshore results reflect a tremendous surge in day rates, which have nearly doubled since July of '04 for all rig categories. The demand for rigs has been so strong that most of the Companies fleet is now contracted or committed through '05. Boardwalk Pipelines completed its first full quarter as the reporting entity for Texas Gas and Gulf South. Gulf south, as you remember, was acquired in December of '04. Because the Gulf south acquisition happened late in the year, quarter on quarter performance comparisons are not meaningful. Nevertheless, the addition of Gulf South to Loews has transpired seamlessly, and low double-digit cash-on-cash returns on equity, we expect from Boardwalk Pipeline continues on plan. Loews Hotels continued to benefit from strong lodging market conditions, which pushed net income up dramatically year-over-year. Rev par for all of the Company's owned hotels increased nearly 10%, as both occupancy and average room rates improved. As a result, Loews Hotels net income nearly doubled. Before I turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will provide some more insight into the financial performance of Loews this quarter, I want to alert listeners to our plans to hold our third annual analyst conference on June 3rd. Details will be published soon, so stay tuned. Peter? Funding what ourselves? Thank you Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. I hope that you've all had a chance to look at our press release which was distributed earlier this morning. Loews reported income from continuing operations for the first quarter of $109 million compared to $265 million in the first quarter of 2014. The quarter's results were significantly impacted by an impairment charge at Diamond Offshore of $158 million after-tax related to the carrying value of eight of its older drilling rigs. David Edelson, our CFO, will provide more details on the charge and key earnings drivers later in the call. We love all our children and we are very positive about all of them and we'd don't think about disposing of any of them. I can't give you a time. You're actually very generous in your question. You could have said, Jim, you bought HighMount when natural gas prices were $8 an Mcf. You looked like a hero for year as they went to $14 and now you are a bum because they are $4. So thank you for not saying that. What happened very simply was that something happened in the gas business that we never expected which was that all of a sudden, the technology changed and gas which had been thought to be a scarce commodity all of a sudden became a plentiful commodity. Now having said that, we've taken our lumps for getting in at $8 and the price now being at $4. With the price at $4, we are seeing opportunities. First of all we're seeing some opportunities in gas, but we're also seeing opportunities in liquids. And when I talk about liquids, I'm talking about not only crude oil, but also wet gas which includes a whole slate of natural gas liquids, a number of which trade at prices relative to oil rather than prices relative to natural gas. As I said, we are seeing lots of opportunities in those -- in the natural gas area and also for liquids areas. And as I said before, we are seeing that in bite-size pieces. So I'm hopeful that we will be able to take advantage of some of those opportunities. What's going on, what I think is going on in the natural gas business is that natural gas trades at what I would call a crazy ridiculous price relative to oil. Gas trades at about a ratio of 25 to 1 to oil notwithstanding the fact that gas should trade on a BTU basis at 6 to 1. So gas is trading at about 25 to 30% per BTU of what oil trades at. So gas is a very, very cheap energy commodity. Notional debt is about $2 billion. You know, I am sure you can tell I don't want to provide managements' estimates of the value of the nonpublic pieces. It is just something that we don't like to do. You know, we really haven't. We have been focused on growing HighMount's business, expanding it and diversifying it into oil and natural gas liquids, and putting in place a steady stream of production of those liquids. And that is still going to take some more time for us to fully diversify HighMount's production. So we are not thinking about what do we need to do in order to take this company public. That is just not on our radar screens. I would guess that at this very minute the acquisition market is undergoing a big change. I think that with gas -- with spot gas moving up over $13 an Mcf from probably $5 or $6 in October of '07, that the expectations were very high for what properties could be worth. And then that all ended, I guess, about a month ago and prices have now dropped from over $13. They did get below $9 per spot gas. And the 12-month strip is now trading at about $9.60. So my guess is that the sellers haven't lowered their sites yet, but given another month or two with prices at these levels and we will start to see transactions transactions occur reflective of the economics today for natural gas. The general partnership interest? -- at last report, was about $4.7 billion. Look, I think it can take several years for the offshore drilling industry to improve. My guess is it's still declining. But where our stock is priced is oftentimes different than how an industry is behaving. And we just felt comfortable buying shares when we did. I can tell you what I think the Board is thinking and it is the Board that really determines the dividend policy of Carolina Group. There are basically two uses for the excess cash that comes up to Carolina Group after the payment of the interest on the debt. The cash can either be used to increase the dividend or the cash can be used to pay down the notional intergroup debt. Remember once all the intergroup debt has been paid down entirely then the only place where the cash goes is basically into dividend payments. So the Board by its actions is obviously embarked on a strategy of paying down the intergroup debt as quickly as possible so that all the shareholders can get that significantly increased dividend as soon as that debt is all paid down. Or swaps. Our general view is that we'd like to hedge some of the production of this company, not necessarily all of it. But we view that by hedging, it's really a very conservative and prudent way to go to lock in some of -- to lock in this level of gas prices and lock in some level of earnings and cash flow for the company."
