"I'm Warren Buffett. I'm Chairman of Berkshire Hathaway. And back in 1989, Berkshire bought what's now the equivalent of 96 million shares of Gillette. During that entire period, we've never bought or sold a share. I've been happy with the investment, but I have to tell you I'm a lot happier today. This merger is going to create the greatest consumer product company in the world, a company with a market cap close to 200 billion, combining two companies that already had outstanding records, outstanding managements, outstanding products. It's a green deal. And to quantify that description, I intend and will purchase enough shares of either Procter & Gamble or of Gillette so that by the time the deal ends or is made we will have 100 million shares of Procter & Gamble stock. That makes the math a little easier, but that's not the reason I'm doing it. I'm doing it because I like this deal.I think they're dangerous. I -- I would say this. I don't think I could manage it. But it's hard to -- it's hard for me to imagine a system -- it's hard for me to imagine a regulatory system that can supervise something like that. And, of course, one of the ironies is that, with only four big auditing firms in the United States, I will guarantee you that, if you take two big firms that are audited by the same auditor, you will find different prices attributed to given derivatives contracts, at the same that -- that the auditor attests to. What is the source of the pricing power? The source of the pricing power is that -- that if you're an insurance company, as an example, but if you're any issuer of securities, people expect you to have a Standard & Poor's and Moody's rating. And it's very small, the dollars spent as a percentage of the total bond issue or whatever you may be doing, but it's required. It's like an SEC filing fee. Yes, and I think, if you added 1,000 pages to the disclosure, it would be impossible, too. Yes, prior to the middle of September, you know, they would not have paid us what they -- remotely what they did pay us for that preferred stock and the warrants, whenever it was, September 22nd or 23rd or some time in that time frame. At that point, they not only wanted the money, but they wanted a show of confidence, obviously, and the fact that the world wasn't going to come to an end financially. And I didn't think the world was going to come to an end financially. Because I thought the federal government would act. I mean, I just thought it was so obvious that it had to, and only it could do it. And I felt that our $5 billion would not be in any danger at all. And the terms were attractive. And there were a lot of other things that were attractive then, too. But I made the decision that that was a good use for the $5 billion. I like it. I'd put -- put it in a deferred account and have an index of all the things in which they participated become the index factor that's applied to that deferred account when it's finally paid out at some point. You have to -- you know, I think the most can be achieved, actually, by getting at the very big institutions, the CEO and -- and -- and the boards, where they've got real downside. But I can tell you, I was at Salomon, you know, almost 20 years ago, and trying to put in a new compensation system in Wall Street can be very difficult. Right. Well, that decision was made in September of 2008. We've been approached by just about every firm, at least every firm that went under, about putting money in. And -- and when Goldman Sachs was willing to take money on terms I found satisfactory, which had not been the case even the week before, I came to the conclusion that, unless the American financial system totally fell apart, that it was going to be a sound investment. And I had far more confidence in their risk management than I had in some of the other Wall Street firms that had come to me earlier. And again, if the system had fallen apart; if the Federal Reserve had not acted in terms of commercial paper and the money market funds and all, everyone would have been toast, I think, basically. But I came to -- my basic conclusion was that the American government would do what was necessary to get the engine started again. And if that was the case, Goldman Sachs was in fine shape. Well, I've probably been more draconian than you have in terms of my view about the CEO's responsibility and.. Yes, all derivatives. No, I was just thinking, I was looking for the modest ones. I haven't found them yet. The modest fees that he referred to. I have no idea how -- I've never been in Moody's. I don't know where they're located, you know. I know their -- I know their business model is extraordinary. They have the ability to price. Right. I would say that in this particular case, I think they made a mistake that virtually everyone in the country made. And going back to that OFHEO report, March 30th of 2007, it was reported &quot;the enterprise's overall asset quality is strong.&quot; That was March of 2007, and all they owned was mortgages. Yes. The long-run value basically was in their position as part of a duopoly that arose naturally over a long period of time. And it was... No. Sure, I'd do that. And, incidentally, I did have a very good session with your staff that was recorded for two hours. Well, I don't think it's much like it. I -- I don't know the answer to that. The wisdom of somebody picking out raters, you know, is that going to be perfect? I don't know. Well, I'm in no position to judge thousands of ratings. I think they misrate us. They've got us a notch below where Standard & Poor's has us. So clearly, there's room for improvement. OK. But I've got two thoughts, basically, that I think I would address if I were -- one is this question of incentives. I mean, I think it is very important. I think it's -- I think no one has any business running a huge financial institution unless they regard themselves as the chief risk officer. They are responsible for the ship. And if they aren't, they should be willing to take that on if somebody else should be in that position. So I think there has to be huge downside for the CEO and significant downside for the board, if government help is required. The second thing I think is that part of any huge bubble is excessive leverage. And it's very hard to define leverage because you're going to have some institutions that's 10 for one and their assets are all Treasury bills and it doesn't make any difference, and you can have somebody that's three for one, and they can be all second mortgages and you've got lots of trouble. So it's not easy to define. But -- but the -- the size of the pop of the bubble was accentuated in an enormous way because of the leverage that existed in the system, and some of it was hidden, you know, off-balance-sheet type things. And -- but I would -- those would be two points I would try very hard to address intelligently. But we sell -- you know, we sell credit insurance. We sell -- we sell auto insurance, and AIG sold auto insurance too, I think. And so diversification among states didn't really make that much difference. It was worst to be in Nevada and Arizona and Florida, but -- but it happened every place. And that was not... Yes, well, it makes -- it makes for a wonderful economic model for the business, but as a practical matter, I have no negotiating power. I need a Moody's rating and a Standard & Poor's rating. I need both of them. It's required in many cases by the rules under which our life insurance company operates or our property casualty company. So if they say to me my bill is $1 billion, and I say, gee, you know, I'd like it to be $900,000 or I'll go down the street, essentially there is no down the street, and that's the nature of it. Now, if you go to something other than user pay, it gets very tricky, because who am I -- you know, if my daughter is going to buy a $10,000 municipal bond, is she going to pay for a rating for somebody? No. She'll hear the rating someplace or it will be published in some book. Yes. The two best thing I know to attack are leverage and incentives. I mean, you've got a market system and. you know, you can't rearrange the whole thing, but you can change on people behave, in one case by incentives. And then secondly, you just tell them how much rope they can use by the amount of leverage they can have when they're -- particularly when they are getting the benefit of government-guaranteed money. But in the end, we don't use ratings. I mean, from my -- well, what we really hope for is misrated securities. Because that would give us a chance, perhaps, to earn a profit if we disagree with how the agencies rate them. There's one ironic point I should mention. If there were 10 rating agencies, all equally well regarded, all acceptable to the market, and you only needed one on -- when Berkshire Hathaway says (inaudible) we could have any one of them. Those 10 would compete either on price or laxity or both. I mean, they would be out there trying to get our business. And they would try by price but they might also try by laxity. You can argue that, if there was just one rating agency, they would have no reason to compete on either price or laxity. Yes, well, the AIG derivatives contracts you mentioned were to get around capital requirements in Europe. I mean, $300 billion. So you know, there are a lot of -- and if you let those instruments exist in that form and let people use them in an unlimited manner, they will get used in an unlimited manner. Well, if Consumer Reports want to rate bonds and people would accept those ratings, I suppose it could happen, but it would require a pretty fair expenditure of money to rate thousands of municipalities and thousands of corporations. So I'm not -- I'm not arguing that this is the perfect model. I'm just saying it's very difficult to think of an alternative where the user pays. I'm not going to pay. Oh, sure. Yeah. ... where the things went crazy for a while. And the early Cassandras do look kind of foolish as they go along. And when your next-door neighbor is making money, you know, very easy by buying a second house, you know, with very small down payment, after a while, it sort of gets to you. And maybe you figure you should be doing it, too. It's been a history of bubbles. I mean, I never understood why tulips were worth what they were back in, you know. Yes. I do not regard -- if they have a problem with one lab, I do not regard that -- they had a Tylenol problem many years ago, as you know. I mean, every... Well, in terms of -- in terms of contracts that were negotiated several years ago, that was one price for collateralized contracts and another price for uncollateralized, we simply -- and, incidentally, Coca-Cola, Anheuser-Busch, thousands of companies negotiated under that basis -- we say if we're required to substitute an uncollateralized contract and make it a collateralized contract, before we send that money to Wall Street, we should get paid for the difference in those two types of contracts. Because they are two different context, just like changing the price or changing the maturity. And there's an enormous -- there's a very significant difference in price. And not only we, but hundreds of end users would be required to send money to Wall Street firms, contrary to the contract they originally negotiated and contrary to the price differential that existed between those two types of contracts. We've seen significant downside. I mean, there's no question that the mistakes that were made at Moody's and Standard & Poor's have affected both Moody's stuck and McGraw-Hill stock in a big way. We sell insurance. Well, I wish I could give you a good answer to that. I -- it was a -- it was really the granddaddy of all bubbles. And it affected an asset class of $22 trillion, you know. I mean, it was -- it hit everybody. And Mr. McDaniel mentioned people refinancing. I mean, they were betting on the fact that the following year that they couldn't make the payments, they could refinance. And, of course, the figures show that by the hundreds and hundreds of billions that happened. But when it gathers momentum, I -- you know, the Internet bubble went further than I would have thought it would have. We did have that farm bubble in Nebraska, you know... Well, I would say that going beyond the OTC derivatives, I think that addressing the problems of disguised leverage, unwise leverage which is really tough, but doing it with ratios is not the answer. It's not the sole answer, but leverage is what gets people in trouble. I mean, we've run Berkshire that way, and when people stretch and they get rewards for it, they're inclined to stretch more. I think -- are you talking about the model or... Well, I think they were doing -- doing what they were instructed by Congress to do, to a great degree. But I -- they took on weaker forms of mortgages in greater amounts. I mean, that's been covered in some of the reports. And so they -- and they also bought, you know, they would require a 20 percent down payment, but then they would buy mortgage insurance from other entities. And I've looked at the profile of some of those loans and material I got from the mortgage guaranty organizations. And frequently, a significant percentage of the time, more than 50 percent of the income of the borrower was going to mortgage payments. That's not sustainable. And -- but where as they were laying that off with a mortgage guaranty insurance company, they were still, in effect, helping people participate in something that was really -- unless housing prices kept going up was going to lead to big trouble. I do. In September of 2008, our financial system basically came to a halt. I mean, you had 30 million Americans with their money in money market funds comprising $3.5 trillion, with close to half of the deposits in the bank. And in the first three days of that week following Lehman, $170 billion flowed out. Interestingly enough, that was all institutional. Individuals hadn't caught on yet. But when 30 million people start worrying about whether their money market funds are going to be -- break the buck, when you've got commercial paper stopped in terms of issuance, when you have -- later we sold a treasury bill due in April of 2009. We sold it in December for $5 million and $90, when you were only going to get $5 million in April. So at that point, your mattress wasn't even good enough. I mean, a Treasury bill was $90 better than a mattress. So it was a paralysis of the system. And the American people knew that only the government could pull us out. They didn't trust anybody else. And the government had to act. Whether they acted perfectly in every phase, who knows, but the important thing is they acted. Certainly, it's not necessary. And incidentally, I don't think the Economist ran an article called &quot;Before the Fall.&quot; Well, all I can... Absolutely. Certainly not sufficiently. No, I've -- we -- to my knowledge, I don't think I've ever bought a CDO or a residential mortgage-backed security. Actually, we bought one recently here that we thought was mispriced, but it was not a field that I spent a lot of time on. It's just - I was more interested straight debt and equities. Yes, I know I blew it. That's correct. And what happened, of course, I think, in Lehman, was that we saw an example of that. I think it was underappreciated. And I'm not saying I would have called it right, either, but when Lehman failed, an institution that was showing $15 billion or of book equity -- now, some of it was real estate deals, in some of that. But in the end, the debt of $140 billion or whatever it was is now selling for, maybe, $30 billion in the market. So that's $110 billion. That kind of money shouldn't disappear overnight. Yes, well, that's our most recent purchase. No, I haven't. I would -- can I bring up one point... I do. It's already up. Because it gets back to the point that was made earlier about the laws getting on the books and never getting changed. If you go back to the 19 -- the late 1920s, we had a bubble then. It was in stocks, and it was partly caused by extreme margins by people that really didn't know what they were doing, 10 percent margins. And they had commission hearings after that, and they decided that this was a societal problem. And Congress gave to the Federal Reserve the authority to regulate margins, and they said this is important. The Federal Reserve still has that authority, as I understand it, you know, 70-plus years later. What we put in derivatives and total return swaps, you know, at that point, you could borrow 100 percent of what you own. And so, we sit here with a system -- and I've brought this up a half a dozen times, and sometimes with people in Congress, and I say &quot;What in the world are we doing when we say the Federal Reserve should have margin requirements,&quot; which I believe now are 50 percent, &quot;and you can go and get a total return swap and borrow 100 percent, or you can buy S&P index futures with a tiny percentage down.&quot; Yes, I think I actually said derivatives are financial, potentially. And I think that, used improperly, as they almost are certain to be, because of what they provide people to trade in them and what they provide in the way of increased leverage that's not obtainable in other ways, I think that they have -- they pose systemwide problems in that... As long... I would say in terms of -- in terms of the behavior of the credit union and recognizing all of their limitations, aside from -- aside from the real estate bubble, I do not have a record of where they have been further off in their -- in their -- in their ratings than I would expect normal human beings to be. I just don't -- I object to selling one kind of a contract and having it changed into another kind of a contract without getting paid. No, I'm sure you're right. And, I mean, you had Orange County. You had Jefferson County in Alabama. But more importantly, if you go back a ways, when Banker's Trust was selling them to P&G -- I mean, can you imagine bamboozling the CFO of P&G? So it -- when you get these exploding-type contracts where, if you had a given threshold, everything gets multiplied by 10 or -- I don't even know, you know, why in the world, they're needed. But those contracts are out there. And I don't -- I think many times the people that are buying them don't know what they're doing. I do, too. We sell -- we sell insurance. Well, I would say... Sure. Thank you. Yes, well, I don't know what took place internally there, but it sounds -- just from listening to this and what I see here on the chart and so on, it looks like they tweaked their model when they should have gone at it with a meat ax, basically. It is sometimes difficult for people to adjust their thinking that much in a short period of time, but they should have been gone at it with a meat ax. Yes, we sell it on municipal bonds. We sell it on corporate... Well, they have accentuated enormously, in my view, the leverage in the system, the huge dependency on counterparties. And one of the beauties of the stock exchange over the year is that you have now a three-day clearing system, because people realize that if you -- if you have a contract and it's six months later that it settles that a lot of things can happen in those six months. In fact, I think the Kuwait stock exchange got into big trouble some years back because they had a very delayed clearing arrangement. And derivatives are contracts with sometimes unbelievably long settlement periods. Generally, we inherited 23,000 derivative contracts. I could have hired the 50 smartest Ph.D.s out of MIT to prepare some kind of report that would tell me the risk I was bearing and I never -- I wouldn't have gotten the answer. I mean, it was impossible to get your mind around that. We had 900 counterparties. I couldn't pronounced the names of a couple hundred of them. I mean, they were foreign institutions I'd never heard of. And in effect, the integrity of our balance sheet at GenRee was dependent upon all of these people behaving at times in the future, which strung out to almost 100 years in a few cases. So the only answer was to get out of the business. I couldn't design a system that would enable me to know what the hell was going on. ... is how would -- yes -- well, how would -- how would I rate states and major municipalities? I mean, if the federal government will step in to help them, they're AAA. If the federal government won't step in to help them, who knows what they are? And, I mean, if you're looking now at something where you could look back later on and say, &quot;These ratings were crazy,&quot; that would be the area. Because it's bimodal, I mean, basically. And... No, we've never bought a credit default swap. We've sold credit default swaps. Hi, Mom. They really -- looking back, they should've recognized. But like I say, I didn't recognize it. And most everybody I know didn't recognize it. They should've recognized this was a huge bubble. And as I understand it, they had something in the model -- and I may be wrong on this -- that there wouldn't be a correlation throughout the country of the same experience. And -- and it's true that in the past you'd have had a housing boom someplace that had been sort of localized, but this was a nationwide bubble. I want to thank you for the subpoena. I have no statement. No, I never lay it off. So if that was my problem, with 23,000 of them, you know, I've read about vastly greater numbers that existed at Bear Stearns or at Lehman and something. I just think institutions can get out of control. And I don't think that's a good thing for the system, particularly when, if they're large enough, if they get out of control, it means that society gets disrupted in a very, very major way. I wrote a letter in 1982 to Congressman Dingell, giving my views when they were introducing the S&P index future. And I said there are legitimate uses for hedging out the long positions and so on. But I said, overwhelmingly, it's going to become a gambling vehicle. And I would distinguish between speculative and gambling. Gambling involves, in my view, the creation of a risk where no risk need be created. Now, obviously, if you plant a crop in the spring and you're going to harvest in the fall, you are speculating on what prices are going to be in the fall for your corn or oats or whatever it may be. And you may lay that off on some other speculator. But that's a risk that the system has to take. You can't grow it in one day. But when you start wagering on -- well, on stock index futures, I think that gambling instincts are very strong in humans. I mean, people went 1,000 miles to a bunch of sand, originally, you know, and they built a whole city on it. And they would travel on planes and go to all kinds of things to do mathematically unintelligent activities. So it exists. States prey on it with their -- with their lotteries. and these contracts are made to order for it because you can do it on a big scale and then you can do it -- and it's very easy to do, and, you know, you don't have to -- you don't have to get on a plane. You don't have to break a sweat. And I would say that... Yes, and they made the wrong call. I mean, they -- basically believed, as most of the American public did, and you couldn't have had this size bubble without overwhelming -- and the Cassandras were there, but who was going to listen to John Paulson in 2005 or 2006, or Michael Burry? It didn't mean anything. Look at me. I mean, I was wrong on it, too. I recognized that something pretty dramatic was going on in housing, but I actually called it in the annual meeting when I got a question on it, a &quot;bubble-ette.&quot; Well, that was a terrible term to use. It was a four- star bubble. And the rating agencies missed it, and you know, as I say, you could look at the March 30th, 2007 report to Congress by OFHEO, which had 200 people overseeing Freddie and Fannie and they basically gave them a green light on asset quality. I would say so. I don't think it's been systemic failure. I think they made a huge mistake... Well, certainly I think at Berkshire Hathaway, it's better. But there are people that aren't equipped. I mean, the banking authorities, the insurance authorities probably need to rely on some kind of standards to make sure that people don't go totally hog wild in terms of how they invest insurance funds which belong to their policyholders. No. Well, as chairman of Berkshire, I hate issue-pay. I mean, we pay a lot of money and we have no negotiating power. Yes, well. Well, in terms of financial institutions that have failed and that required assistance by the federal government, I think that when society has to step in to save institutions for societal reasons, that the CEO should basically go away broke, and I've said I think his spouse should go away broke. I think there ought to be a real downside and I think incentives are an important aspect in behavior. In the end, you know, I'm not -- I don't know who, except for maybe John Paulson or Michael Burry would have been running Moody's and coming up with different kinds of ratings. There was the greatest bubble I've ever seen in my life, and I've read about bubbles all the way back to the tulip bubble. The entire American public eventually was caught up in a belief that housing prices could not fall dramatically. Freddie Mac believed it. Fannie Mae believed it. Congress believed it. The media believed it. I believed it. If I'd seen what was coming, would I have held my Moody's stock in the '60s or something of the sort? Very, very few people could appreciate the bubble, and that's the nature of bubbles. They become mass delusions of sort. So I am much more inclined to come down hard on the CEOs of institutions that caused the United States government to come in and necessarily bolster them, than I am on somebody that made a mistake that 300 million other Americans made. Yes. I don't know that it's necessarily at the core, but I certainly was surprised when Citigroup turned out to have SIVs, you know, in the many tens of billions, you know, which is just a way of jacking up leverage again. I was surprised. Now, I may not have read the 10Ks carefully enough or anything, but there certainly were no flashing signs that said &quot;we're using a bunch of leverage off balance sheet.&quot; So I think that -- I think you are always going to be fighting the human tendency to borrow more money than you should. And households did it because they thought that houses were going to go up next year. They really didn't think it made any difference what their income was because they'd refi in a year or two. It's just such a human tendency that you need something on the governmental side to balance that -- to counter balance that. I'm not in position to evaluate the internal workings of Procter & Gamble or... If I think they're mispriced, I buy them. I don't know how I would rate those myself now. I mean, in other words, because it's a bet on how the federal government will act over time. Yes, and we had Chairman Greenspan talk about, you know, the irrational exuberance in 1996. But it -- with all -- with the power of his podium and everything else, we had a great Internet boom after that that would... Well, rising prices and discredited Cassandras from the past, blunt sensitivities and judgment, even the people who were very smart, I mean, initially -- my old boss, Ben Graham, used to say you get in much more trouble with investments with a sound premise than with a bad premise, because the bad premise you recognize immediately it doesn't make any sense. When you have a sound premise, namely the Internet is going to be very important and eyeballs are going to be important and all of that, initially, it makes a lot of sense. After a while, the rising prices of all Internet stocks cause people to be able to raise billions of dollars for things that are nonsensical. I would say this Yes. And, of course, they were predicated on being able to use the tax credits that were involved. And they set them up as assets on their balance sheet, and of course and they have no income now. So those became very dubious assets. I would say that they are required by regulation in many of the situations existing. Yes. In 2006, I was not sitting there thinking that the housing bubble was going to get as large as it did or as it was actually, and it was going to burst. Like I say, if I had I probably would have sold my stock. I think much of corporate America is tilted that way. Yes. And the more complex, generally speaking, the more profit there is going to be for the derivatives. You can take that as a given. When I was at Solomon, originally, you talked about interest futures, you know, fixed to floating or foreign exchange. And then they became known as plain vanilla contracts because there wasn't any money in them. It got competed away. So they invented more -- more exotic instruments, and that's where the money was. Well, I'll go back. You know, we own a very big chunk of Johnson & Johnson. In the papers in the last week, there's been a lot of material about -- about some children's product that McNeill made. Am I going to investigate that? No. I mean, overall, I feel that Johnson & Johnson management's going to do a fine job over time, and that they'll make mistakes and correct them. Now, if I see something -- if I think they're overreaching or doing certain things... I think it can be put in place, but it -- but it requires a whole new level of thinking. But I think you're absolutely right. Incentives affect behavior, and when you run a huge financial institution whose stability or instability can affect an entire society, I think there ought to be a tremendous downside. It's fine if there's a tremendous upside, too. I don't have a problem with that. But I think that, for somebody's -- if somebody's personal equation, a CEO of some large financial institution, they ruin the place, they walk away with $100 million instead of $500 million, then, if they succeed -- maybe they get a billion -- I think that is a crazy structure. And I think that boards of directors should not sign on for such a structure, and I think that the boards themselves should bear heavy penalties when -- when an institution has to go to -- to the federal government. And I think that that should not be insurable. So it wouldn't be as draconian as I have with the CEO. But I would -- I would want to focus the attention of somebody running a huge financial institution on the fact that their mistakes could -- could cause big problems for the society. And I -- I really think they did a good job of asking both good questions and good follow-up questions. So I would hope some of the material might be in that -- in that record. Right. I sold it for several reasons. But I think we were the largest shareholder for Freddie Mac. And at one point, the -- well, it became apparent they were getting more and more entranced by -- by trying to report increased earnings every quarter. And any financial institution that tries to do that, in my view, is going to get in trouble sooner or later. And they became quite, quite interested in that particular -- having that happen. They also, at Freddie, as I remember, it was either RJR bonds or Philip Morse bonds, but they bought some bonds that had nothing do with housing at all. And here they were, using what was in effect the government's credit to enlarge the size of this hedge fund-type portfolio now, with some corporate bonds that had nothing to do with housing. And I just figure, if you see one cockroach, there's probably a lot more in the kitchen. That's fair to say, but additionally, we only take on risk we can handle ourselves, so we only have about 250 contracts or so total. And if everything goes wrong, we can easily handle it, and that was not the case with AIG. Yes, well, in effect, you've got selection now by directive. And, in fact, I am told by the Nebraska Insurance Department, you know, which raters I have to use in terms of establishing... I don't think -- I don't think -- I don't think Moody's or Standard & Poor's or I can come up with anything terribly insightful about the question of state and municipal finance five or 10 years from now, except for the fact that there will be a terrible problem, and then the question becomes will the federal government act... I didn't think it would pop like it did, no. Interestingly enough, in 2005 and '06 -- and I believe I've the time period right -- I get offered businesses for sale periodically. A significant percentage of the publicly traded homebuilders, one way or another, let it be known that they would like to sell out to Berkshire Hathaway. And looking back, I should have -- I should have figured out what I didn't figure out. Oh, no, not in the least. And I (inaudible). But I -- I -- I don't retract any of those earlier remarks. I agree with them. No. I'll settle for that definition. Yes, it is. But if they weren't, we still would have to have them. I mean, now the world may change. It may be different 10 years from now or 20 years from now. But there's no way Berkshire Hathaway, even with the good reputation and all our earnings and CPA reports attesting to the fact that the $20 billion in cash is really there, and all of that sort of thing, we -- we will not be able to issue a bond without a ratings. I use them to make money in that. Yes, I think the government did the right thing in stepping in at AIG. But I don't think AIG should have gotten there in the first place. And AIG, as you probably know better than I -- I think -- I think there was $300 billion of derivatives that were essentially designed for something called regulatory arbitrage, which was just a way of relieving the capital pressures on European banks because they got the AAA of AIG transferred over. Well, if you get enough of that sort of thing going on in the financial system, you're going to have a problem. Well, I've spoken out on some things but I don't disagree with you that perhaps no one spoke out enough, you know, in the past years during the bubble. But certainly I could have done more. My partner, Charlie Munger sometimes makes up for me, though. He speaks very loudly. It's interesting. I never had -- I never heard from them, you know, in many decades in business, and all of a sudden, three or four of them showed up on the doorstep. Well, you would hope so, but it's not easy to -- to avoid. I mean... I haven't read the 1,500 page bills and... I think there's utility to the rating agencies. I think there's less utility to somebody like me, who's in the business of trying to evaluate credits day by day and been doing a lot of years. But I think there's utility to the model. Well, the huge question, if you were running a rating agency now, if I were running a rating agency now... Yes. No, no, no. No, we own a significant position in Procter & Gamble. I don't know how -- what their internal controls are. I don't know how they make Tide, you know, and whether the processes are proper. We own a lot of Johnson & Johnson. They had a problem at the McNeill Lab recently. There's no way I'm going to know about that. But over time, I think Johnson & Johnson will do fine. I don't think they're going to do everything perfectly. But I think, generally speaking, their management has done a good job and will continue to do a good job. No. Well, I certainly knew they were -- they were mandated in many of their activities by Congress. There's no question about that. And they were also trying to serve Wall Street. And that's a -- that's a tough balancing act.You are smart. No. I`ve never called him. I`ve never called the President. -- is -- is actually thinking about doing something. And then I can -- I can tell very quickly -- When you get a huge capitalistic system, just the crumbs that fall off the table can make people very rich particularly if they`re very good at getting other people to hand them their money and if they get favored tax treatment and a bunch of things. Well, I think the menu should be something that raises 18.5 percent of GDP in revenues and embodies -- with no loopholes, basically, the idea of a progressive tax system and I think that expenditures should be reduced to the 21 percent of GDP level, and I think that will be very sustainable, those ratios. Enough. It eliminates -- it does not eliminate the annual deficit. Yes. Well, it happens to be selling something that`s regarded as very much a commodity product. The incremental seat cost for the airline is nothing. So they have this temptation to try to fill the last seat at any price. And if you get four or five guys that trying to fill the last seat at any price you do not get very good prices. Yes. I chose five foundations but the Gates was the largest one. I only get into the situations where I do know the value. There`s -- there`s thousands of companies whose value I don`t know. Well it just means that I can hardly wait to get to work in the morning. And -- and -- and I mean it`s the most exciting part of the day is getting there. And I -- there`s never been a day I haven`t looked forward to it. Oh, there`s no question about it. He knows he`s dependent on capitalism working and that business is part of that. I think to some extent when people do feel misunderstood by the other party it can develop its own dynamic. Well, I -- certainly on my part all kinds of things. I mean she`s a wonderful friend but she`s -- she`s also one of the smartest people I`ve ever seen and she`s objective and -- and in a very, very nice way she tells me when I`m full of baloney and a few things. And since she`s never been wrong I`ve been (INAUDIBLE) with one &quot;t&quot; ever since. Well, it means -- It`s structurally set up so that it`s very, very difficult to have a sustained competitive advantage. And you get this enormous fixed investment in planes. Now you`ve got the plane. It cost you a couple hundred million and you`re trying to fill a seat and you read in the newspaper today what your competitor is charging and you have to charge the same price. It`s got terrible structural aspects to it. And I bought into it. Yes. It`s -- it`s absolutely miserable. But -- and you know, I don`t have to do it very often. But I`d pay a lot of money to have a designated firer. But the trouble is -- the trouble is I can`t do it because these are people who are friends of mine. Enduring being the emphasis. I mean hula hoops were great for a while or bedrocks and all that sort of thing. Yes, and that this economy works. Well, we`ve got this $12 billion or $13 billion a year to work with. We had a housing bubble like the world has never seen. Well, housing was $22 trillion at the peak out of maybe total assets in the United States of $60 trillion or something. So it was an enormous asset. 50 million people, families, had borrowed against that and they borrowed $11 or $12 trillion. So you had an asset that had a huge bubble that was owned on margin, basically. And people thought it could do nothing but go up just like in the `20s they thought stocks could do nothing but go up. So when that bubble burst -- not only in housing -- it just started rippling through the economy. And we found out that almost every company in the United States was a big domino and they were lined up very close to each other and they started toppling. I don`t know the answer. Running a business has more psychic satisfaction. I mean look -- that doesn`t surprise me in this area. Yes, it would be -- it`s probably still about the same. It`s five percent of a declining balance so if a stock goes up more than five percent a year the amount actually keeps increasing. Hi, I am Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway. And as many of you know, Berkshire is a large, very diversified Company here in the United States. But despite the fact that we're in a great many businesses, our first love, our longtime love, our future love has always been the insurance business. Very shortly after I took over as CEO in 1965, two years later in 1967, we entered the property casualty insurance business with a commitment of about $8 million and now we have an insurance operation that has a net worth of far in excess of $100 billion. So our Board of Directors, our managers, our shareholders all love the insurance business. And in the course of that business, 15 years ago or so we entered our first commercial transaction with IAG. And as the years have passed and we have gotten to know them better and they have gotten to know us better, we both found a great deal to admire in each other's organization. So very recently we decided to cast aside a commercial relationship and establish a very important and enduring partnership arrangement. IAG is a terrifically strong Company with great strengths in many areas, Berkshire has got some strengths and we believe by bringing these two companies closer together as partners that each Company will benefit in a very substantial way. And even though this contract runs for 10 years, I expect for decades and decades and decades to come that both companies will benefit in many ways that we can't even perhaps visualize right now. So I am looking forward to it, our managers are looking forward to it, our shareholders are looking forward to this partnership. And I can't tell you how delighted I am to be with it. And I should add one small footnote, in fact it is sort of a confession. I am 84 years old and this is my first investment in an Australian Company. I mean I have been very derelict. But it has been worth waiting for. We have now picked the best and we have entered into an area of the world where we have done some business before, but now we are coming in with an ownership position and better late than never and better the best than ever. So here we are in Australia and I am delighted to be there. I wouldn`t be in this business if I wasn`t. Over time -- They can be. But in the first term to some extent you and your party have to be thinking about your re-election, I mean. And a second term certainly frees up that aspect of it and then the question is how effective you can be in getting Congress to work with you. No, for one thing I -- I -- I rewrite it about ten times before I send it to her. And then -- and then I send it to her and -- and she never tries to change the content or anything like that but -- but she points out when the flow is wrong, where there`s lots of grammatical errors, all kinds of things and -- and sometimes she`ll write &quot;This is my least favorite part of the report,&quot; which is -- and usually it is, too. Yes. On the $1 million to $10 million. I think that in the first term he felt that business misunderstood him and I think that business felt that he misunderstood -- they were misunderstood. I think they -- My father and Ben Graham and I just said &quot;Listen, I want to get going.&quot; You know I -- I didn`t want to go to college. Well, I think that that might be a big signal. Yes. She has a charm bracelet -- four charm bracelets, a replica of every -- a copy of every report. I think on incomes of over $1 million that the excess over $1 million should be -- have a minimum tax of 30 percent. As you know, they`re talking about bringing the top tax rate up to 39.6 percent. I`m reading and -- I`m reading and thinking and on the phone and talking to friends. And -- you know, there`s very little difference in my -- in Saturday and Sunday from the weekdays. A little more action during the week, though. I got out because I didn`t -- I had a good record up until then. I had all these people counting on me and I thought things were getting very speculative and I didn`t know how to make money in that period and I was competitive enough to feel that I didn`t want to do lousy compared to other people and yet I didn`t want to do the things they were doing. So the only thing to do was give the money back and I gave the money back. Well, the railroad industry carries 42 percent of all tonnage intercity. It carries -- carrying a ton of cargo 500 miles on as gallon of diesel. I mean it`s an enormously efficient way of moving things. And now you have four huge railroads in the United States. They`re not going to build any more of them and it will be the backbone of the movement of goods 50 years from now or 100 years from now. And he did a lot of good things for Berkshire. Yes. Well, that was how inflation swindles the equity investor. This -- yes this just -- this just makes sure that people that have really high incomes pay at a rate the sort of like the people next door to them are you know who are making $100,000 a year or something of the sort. I -- I don`t think it will do that much because I think people will assume that a solution will be found quite promptly. It`s a little like the debt ceiling question. I mean people know -- the rest of the world may think that we`re idiotic at times but they don`t think we`re going to commit suicide. And -- and so I think if -- I hope something gets worked out before January 1st, but if it -- if it goes a little bit beyond that I do not think -- He was going to be on the cover and so I -- without truly knowing the answer to the question I said all right, now, tell me what is the best advice you`ve ever gotten in your life from anyone? And he proceeded to talk for a long time about the worst advice that he had ever gotten. And so I went back and told my managing editor this, which probably kind of -- with my head down in -- in thinking well I hadn`t come back with quite the right thing and we put him on the cover anyway. So -- Yes a lot of Wells Fargo. That wasn`t me. No. We have two other -- Well, and -- and I think that was the 1977 article. After the troubles. Well, they were huge but I`ve had others, too. I mean, yes, Joe Rosenfield, Tom Murphy. Certainly my wives. Carol`s had a lot of influence on me. Charlie I`m going to call you tonight at midnight and I`m going to not be panning and I`m going to say &quot;This is the best idea I`ve ever had.&quot; And you`re going to say &quot;How much will the tax I have to pay?&quot; Yes, yes. There`s a tipoff there. Yes and Carol is very, very good at this, incidentally, herself. I`d like to say starting January 1st. Yes. Abdication, actually, is what you call it. I like other people to do the work, Charlie. Well I -- we have 200 -- I know every single derivative we own and they`re all the product of my purchase. Now, we`ve bought a company called General Rhee which had 23,000 and it cost us $400 million before we got out of those. We tried to liquidate every one -- there`s still a few -- Absolutely. And then over $10 million 35 percent. Well, I think second terms are different than the first terms. I mean first terms -- Sure. Yes, it appeals to me. Well, it`s in my blood but I won`t pay a price that reflects the fact that`s in my blood. Well, it wasn`t just subprime but it was -- we left -- Yes. You bet, the bigger the better. No I call her. Well if you`re talking about buying an entire business, which we`re talking about in this case. So they -- that may have been their nice way of telling me &quot;Grow up a little bit before you do it.&quot; But beyond that, though, they really did feel -- here are the two guys I admired the most in the world and they told me they thought the stock market was too high. Well, I think that -- I made a famous bet that carol has been keeping track of where I`m betting that hedge -- a large group of hedge funds, funds of funds will underperform the S&P over time. Well, they did not see the consequences of the dominos starting to topple. I mean people -- when the dominos topple, eventually they get to everybody and people did not realize how big they were, how close to each other they were. It really speaks to me and -- and -- and when it speaks in a false voice I can detect that sometimes, too. So you know I mean it`s -- you know -- it -- it is almost like playing music, you know, when you look at an accounting statement. And that`s not true of all companies. It`s not true of all companies at all. But you don`t have to be right about -- I don`t have to be right about the ones I ignore. BNSF. It keeps the debt as a percentage of GDP constant. Five or ten seconds, yes. Well, you know, the innovations are enormously important for society. But they disrupt a lot of things and, you know, I used in one of the articles in the book the auto industry. There`s a couple thousand auto companies and a few succeeded-- barely. So auto was enormously important. I love the fact that it was invented. The airplane was enormously important. But if you take all of what`s happened in the airline industry since Orville was down there in it Kitty Hawk, some capitalist should have shot him down because he`s cost us money. That`s correct. Europe is still drifting downward to some degree. I mean we have businesses that operate worldwide and actually Asia`s coming off the best rate of growth but they`re coming -- they`re coming down somewhat. We can live with it. The net debt is in the 70s. It`s around 73 percent or something like that. That`s what we always talked about until everybody got excited lately. That was 120 percent coming out of World War II. And it will stay in the 70s, might even come down into the 60s if we -- the 18.5 percent and 21 percent won`t increase the ratio of debt-to-GDP. And it may very well bring it down slightly. Makes me feel like I better do better next year. I mean that`s my job. I think it was seven. Well, not early enough. I mean, I probably had my first soft drink in 1935 and I didn`t buy the stock until 1988. So I would -- I would put me in the slow category on that one. That`s true but now I could do it full time. Well, there`s been a number of years. Yes. And right now the tax rate is 36 percent. Well, I`m -- it`s like with Charlie Munger, you find the other person very interesting. You find them trustworthy. I mean you have a good time with them and -- but it`s important to point out that there are five foundations. I just doubled what I give to each one of my children`s foundation. So they have over two billion each there but they couldn`t scale up the same way as Bill. He` operating on a scale. I moved to New York when I was 23. We had a child, we another one on the way and I took a job with Ben Graham, who was my hero. And I did not know my paycheck until I got -- my pay until I got my first paycheck. I never asked what the salary was. I just knew I would love the job. Your show last night. She knows every chapter of the book. Believe me, she knows -- she knows it all. Charlie -- my partner Charlie Munger -- we`ve never had an argument, we had a lot of disagreements and wherever we have a disagreement his clincher always is &quot;Warren, when we get through talking about this you`ll agree with me because you`re smart and I`m right.&quot; That`s right. That`s right. Absolutely. Yes, I mean it`s their money. That`s why we don`t take a editorial -- I don`t dictate an editorial position to the newspaper. I voted for Obama. We have 12 newspapers that endorsed -- ten of them endorsed Romney and, you know, I`m the CEO. But two papers endorsed Obama who I voted for and ten endorsed Romney. I got wise. I do that. Oh yes, whether -- the initiative really has to come from -- from them because, you know, Coca-Cola isn`t for sale, Wells Fargo isn`t for sale. And 99 percent of the companies are not -- I don`t know about the last three years but finance created a lot of them and I would say that relative to their contribution to society, a disproportionate number -- Yes. Sure. And so and I know the universe of companies of this size we`re talking about and if I pick up the phone one day and somebody says, you know, we`ve really been thinking about things and we feel that we`d do better as a part of Berkshire, I`m ready to -- They thought stocks were selling too high because the Dow Jones was above 200 and I always feel on almost anything that if you`re going to do it, get started. And I mean the idea of sitting around and waiting for a different time did not -- did not register with me. Now, it`s also possible that I was 20 years old then and that I was behaving like I was about 14 and looked like I was about 16 or something. Thank you. Yes. There`s plenty to talk about. I would say that -- I would do a lot of historical things and all of that but basically I would say that for most -- overwhelmingly for people that can invest over time that -- that equities are the best place to put their money. Just about every day. Well, in terms of our present resources probably something from $20 billion maybe up a little bit. In general. Yes. I think -- no but I think -- I think the more banks stick with just pure banking the better I like it. I mean they have a franchise from the United States government in that people look at their deposits as guaranteed by the U.S. government. That`s not totally correct but that`s what they -- and when you have the ability to take in money from people who feel that they have the U.S. government behind it, they`re going to give you money whether you`re credit worthy or not. And therefore you need some real regulation to make sure that people don`t go wild with that franchise. And banks with those funds and with that trust can some do some pretty extreme things. Particularly when they`ve got -- the upside belongs to management. And the qualities you look for -- management is one. Every investor I know. I`ve never -- I`m 82 years old and I`m looking like Diogenes; I`m out there looking at that investor who says &quot;I think I`ll pass on this chance to make a lot of money.&quot; No. I don`t -- I -- they have -- they have the responsibility for managing that money. They`ve got to have full authority. They can`t look at me and see whether I`m smiling or frowning over and they get paid based on how those securities do. Yes. No. I don`t want to know what they`re doing. I don`t want to know what they`re doing. But -- but I like -- I like something where I think I can look out five or ten years and still see the same sort of advantage that -- maintaining. Sure, some kind of an enduring competitive advantage. I like it, yes. So if -- if they`re in that zone I`m fine with it. And -- but I also know that there are all kinds of companies that I can`t figure out. So I don`t -- so I do know -- I usually know when I`m dealing with companies that I understand and then I do -- accounting is a language, and it`s a language that I like. It`s -- it`s in the footnotes. Yes you`re right. I mean the footnotes -- the footnotes are -- And I think world leaders would have confidence. Well most -- they would probably say most of it comes from capital gains. Well, it would depend on how -- how attractive that elephant was. So I mean -- not all elephants look alike. I think he wants to succeed big time. And I think he will and I think the economy will be a help to him. But I think it`s -- I mean that isn`t -- you know, neither side can roll over in terms of the things they feel strongly about but I feel the rhetoric certainly should be very civil all the time and I think that you look for ways to work with each other. Just about every day. Well, I think Jamie Dimon actually would be -- I think he`d be terrific because I think he -- I think he -- if we did run into problems in markets I think he would absolutely be the best person you could have. I think I actually wrote the letter in `82. No, I wouldn`t do in the Berkshire Hathaway. I showed her the -- the article I`d written and Meg very gently said to me &quot;Warren, you don`t have to tell everything you know in one article.&quot; Although I go with the -- And the reason I`m suggesting that is because the 400 highest taxpayers in the most recent year we have figures for, 2009, who had average incomes of $202 million, half of those people paid at a rate below 20 percent. A quarter paid at a rate below 15 percent. And believe it or not, six, average income of $202 million paid nothing. I mean they were members of Romney`s 47 percent. I mean -- and I suspect he got their vote -- but they`re just a bunch of moochers, just a bunch of moochers. I`m familiar with all the companies when you get to that size. I mean I`ve seen all the elephants. I`ve seen them all. And so -- so it`s really a question of when they -- somebody at the company, the CEO, the board -- Yes. Yes Meg Greenfield, who was a famous writer for &quot;Newsweek&quot; and -- Just depends what`s going on. Right. Just because capitalism and market systems work. I mean it`s been working since 1776 here and it wasn`t because we had stimulus programs in 1794. It`s because, you know, a system -- our system unleashes people`s potential and we`ve got 312 million people that want to do better tomorrow than today and over time that works. Human potential is still untapped to a big degree and our system does unleash it over time. We do it in fit and starts but this country goes forward and it will continue to go forward. The luckiest person in history on a probability basis, in my view, is the baby being born in the United States today. No, it will be half my role. It will be running the businesses and there will be -- Todd and Ted (INAUDIBLE) -- they will run investments. They will run investments. My job will be split. Yes not only smart people, but people that love me and that I love them. So I mean they were giving me their best advice. I will not -- if you guaranteed me that the fiscal cliff we would go past that, I wouldn`t sell a share of stock today. I know you do. And that`s taxed at a lower rate. Well, running the businesses will be more important over time, sure. It is right now. I`m not sure what they say about it. Yes, well, yes I don`t want us to play Notre Dame this year. Somewhat. He won`t -- That offer goes to all viewers. By far. You noticed that, huh? A lot. Yes. Well, we`ve got a million-dollar bet for charity actually out in -- something called long bets. But calling yourself a hedge fund does not make -- it gives you no special way to make money and the fees associated with it are very, very high. And I`m -- I do not think the results of hedge funds in aggregate will be better than the S&P which you can buy for -- You bet, yes. I like knowing what`s going on but I don`t want to direct the orchestra, I want to listen to it. Absolutely. But the 200 and some that I picked, you know, I think we`ll make money on. But I`m a familiar with every one of those. I think when you have an -- well Lehman had probably a million and you get huge counterparty risks. General Rhee when we went in -- we had over 900 counterparties. I didn`t know who 300 or 400 of them were. I couldn`t pronounce their names. I mean that is not my idea of prudent finance. Thank you, Charlie. Yes. And I think that -- but I think both sides should just say forget it, you know. Wipe the slate clean and it`s sometimes a good idea in human relationships. I think it`s a particularly good idea when the country`s well-being is at stake. So I would recommend both sides just say maybe I was misunderstood by you but forget it. We work together going forward. Well because I guess -- they manage -- they managing something around $4 billion or something like that. They know tomorrow. If I die tonight, tomorrow morning they will appoint somebody they know. It`s getting better. It`s been getting better since really the summer of 2009. And you know we`ve got four years straight now where the stock market`s given a positive return. I mean the economy is getting better. We had a tremendous bubble and when it burst it was -- it had ramifications for all aspects of society and it was magnified by the abuses that had taken place in -- in -- in Wall Street and all kinds of places. So the dominos were lined up. We had plenty of problems. But we have been on -- we`ve been the mend now for -- for three years and it`s taken a long time because it was a big problem but we are getting better all the time. Yes. I think -- I hope the President and the Congress is responsive to it. She`s just had a lot of influence. Yes. You know, but they`re -- well, we`ve conducted a survey three times in my office in three different years and the office has between 16 and probably 21 employees during that period and each time my tax rate was considerably lower -- I`m talking about payroll taxes plus income taxes -- considerably lower than anybody else in the office. And these -- these people made various incomes. And -- and the tax law in many cases is not progressive. I think the tax law should be progressive. I think that when people make $15 or $20 million or $200 million and pay a 10 percent rate I think -- I think something should be done about that. We both answered focus. Yes. -- Northern Santa Fe. I think that -- I don`t think we should wait around to have a -- there are all kinds of things wrong with the tax code. Reform is called for. Expenditure cuts are called for. But I don`t want to wait around until all of that stuff is done to do some things that are obvious now. So the people who talk reform, some of them -- many of them really are seeking reform. But some of them are saying &quot;reform&quot; because it just means pushing things down the road another year or two. And I -- I do not want to have something that obviously should be done be held hostage to getting everything done. I go to the office on Saturday. Europe has been sliding, you know, for some time and the U.S. actually is I would say strongest relative to where it was six months ago or nine months ago. The housing is coming back big time. If you`re running a $2 trillion institution -- if I run Berkshire for decades, some things are going to wrong go wrong. I mean if you run an army, if you run a church, if you run a government, any large institution people go off the reservation sometimes and sometimes they`ll get away with it for a long period. And of course, when you work in a financial institution you can add a lot of zeros very quickly. So, you know, obviously there was a failure of control but there had been failures of control at Berkshire. I am going to make more mistakes. I hope I minimize, I hope I catch them fast but there can be mistakes and there can be big mistakes. You bet. What it means -- what means something is having it outperform the general market over time. I mean that -- my job is to do better for my investors than they would do if they were doing it themselves. And since we retain all the earnings, we`ve gotten very large, but we`ll get a lot larger. But I know -- I know the ones that I know and -- and -- and incidentally, it is -- you don`t pinpoint things. I mean, if somebody walks in this door now and they weigh between 300 and 350 pounds, I don`t need to say they weigh 327 to say that they`re fat. It depends whether Nebraska is playing football. Yes. But five years from now, ten years from now, the world everywhere will be doing better, in my view. Yes. I`m addressing partners, there are 600,000 of them. But in my mind I usually have my two sisters Bertie and Doris. And they`re very bright. They don`t work in the financial world. They`ve been gone for a year, metaphorically, and they`ve got a lot of their money in Berkshire and I want to tell them what I think is important to them. What I would want them to tell me if our positions were reversed. So I try to do that. And then I occasionally branch into an essay on something that I think may be important in the investment world generally."
