"Absolutely. We sell to Ypsomed effectively at the fixed price. So if we are selling them the current pod we have a lower gross margin profile, as compared to if we can sell them the new pod here in 2011 that absolutely is a positive for us. Absolutely, Kim, sorry, Danielle. As we plan our guidance, we do that we have the I highest degree of confidence towards the mid-point of the range. On the revenue line, certainly we think there is a lot of upside with the folks at Ypsomed over in Europe. I know they are very eager as they kind of get going in these seven markets now. So we certainly think that as the product gets out there, then there could be upside in the internationally, here at home while we are not banking on any macroeconomic benefit, I think we have kind of taken the position of status quo from really where we have been over the last 12 to 24 months. Certainly if we saw our unemployment get better, then that will help us overall and it can help us with our adoption. Certainly we think that there is upside on the revenue line. On the operating expense line, we are certainly going to keep focused on trying to drive out every possible dollar of leverage that we can get in there. At the same time, we do know that the regulatory process associated with the pod is pretty expensive and cumbersome. So we are just trying to make sure that we have planned that in appropriately for what we expect over the next six to nine months. As well in the back half of the year, pending an approval of the pod, there is some gearing up that we expect to do in our sales and marketing lanes, to really drive that launch. We have baked all of that in there. Timing wise, depending on some of those things could impact the number a little bit one way or another. Certainly if more regulatory work was required, that could be a little bit of a negative for us. We are not giving revenue guidance for Q4, but we do believe we will have effectively a 50% gross margin give or take for the full year. By the end of the year, operating cash, again defined as EBITDA plus stock compensation expense, that we will be at basically breakeven for Q4. That is certainly what we are shooting for. Sure, 2010 we finished with 51 territories pretty consistent with where we were really all year. In 2011 we do expect that we will make some additional investments into the sales force. I have talked about I think we will probably add another territory or two, but also mainly focused on some other improvements within the infrastructure of that group, to be able to make that group more productive overall. So those are the investments we are really focused on from a pure sales side. The second piece which I was referring to in the OpEx numbers is really some of the work, the prework that needs to be done to gear up for what we think is a significant launch for the next product. Sure. Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2010 conference call. I am Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the Securities laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor Provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, and are making the statement for purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor Provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us under the assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the Company's potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the Company's press release issued earlier today, and in the Risk Factors section of the Company's SEC filings, including the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st 2009. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether it is a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would also like to remind you that the guidance we are of offering today represents a point in time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of this, as well as in today's press release at myomnipod.com in the Investors section. And now I will turn the call over to Duane. We still believe that once we are fully rolled out with the next generation pod, we have a 65% plus gross margin profile. Certainly hoping to get that into the 70 kind of region. As these new pods are introduced into the market, really just about every one of them that goes out, comes with it out of the chute probably another 10 points of margin. So as we transition, each one will start out with something in the 6, starting with a 6. It is not baked into our guidance, that is correct. Hi Suraj. Given the fact it is early days on the relationship, with them kicking off in 2010, and as Duane noted really only Germany and the UK were the two contributing markets to the 2010 amounts for them. It is great timing for them to be able to switch. There is just not that many on product yet, and they don't have a big build-up of inventory. That all works in our favor. Yes, we don't disclose the specific Ypsomed revenue number. As you can imagine, they are publicly traded as well, so there is always some angst on that. So what I would point you back towards is if you look at the revenue ramp that Insulet went through here in the US, you get a pretty good feel for what may be happening over there. We effectively went from a one to five to 13 to 36 back in our earlier years. A similar type of ramp you can probably figure in internationally just adjusting a little bit for the size of the market. Thanks Jon. For them over international? Thanks Duane. As Duane noted we are pleased with our fourth quarter and full year 2010 performance, as we delivered strong improvement and expansion in a year of significant economic pressures. For the quarter revenue increased by 37% to $27.8 million, compared to $20.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, and grew 9% sequentially from $25.5 million in the third quarter of 2010. For the full year 2010 revenue totalled $97 million, an increase of 47% from $66 million in 2009. We achieved our goal of a 50% gross margin in the fourth quarter. Gross profit for the fourth quarter improved to $13.8 million, or 50% of revenue compared to a gross profit of $7.3 million, or 36% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2009. This represents an 89% increase in gross profit year-over-year. For the full year 2010, gross profit improved to $43.7 million, or 45% of revenue as compared to a gross profit of $18.3 million, or 28% in 2009. Gross margins continue to increase throughout the year as we introduce cost-saving initiatives invested in our new Singapore subsidiary, and produced nearly 4 million pods. As we have previously discussed, the Ypsomed agreement was designed to provide Ypsomed with a product at a reduced price, and thus lowered gross margins for us, but to be operating margin profitable from inception. As a reminder, Ypsomed is responsible for all commercial aspects of the relationship from sales and market through reimbursement and fulfillment, allowing us to avoid these operating expenses on our books. As Ypsomed revenues begin to grow in 2011, we expect that gross margins may decrease by a couple of percentage points depending on the level of revenue recognized in any given period. For example, we are projecting that our gross margin in the first quarter of 2011 will decrease by approximately 200 basis points, as we provide Ypsomed with product for their newly launched markets. For the full year we expect that our gross margin will remain at approximately 50%, as domestic margins in the low 50s are offset by the lower Ypsomed margin. Because of the regulatory uncertainty that exists with the next generation pod, we have not factored any financial benefit from the new pod into our 2011 forecasts. Operating expenses for the quarter were $23.6 million including a one-time $3.4 million after impairment charge. This charge was recorded in the fourth quarter and related to some manufacturing equipment no longer in use. Excluding the impairment operating expenses of $20.2 million were up slightly, as compared to $19.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, and $19.9 million in the third quarter of 2010. for the full year, operating expenses were $82.4 million as compared to $77.7 million in 2009. Excluding the impairment charges operating expenses increased by less than 1% year-over-year. We are expecting operating expenses of approximately $21 million to $22 million per quarter in 2011, the increase primarily due to expected costs associated with gaining the regulatory approvals for the new pod, development costs associated with a new integrated CGM product with DexCom, and additional sales and marketing expenses in preparation for the commercial launch of the next gen pod. We reported an operating loss for the fourth quarter of 2010 of $9.7 million, compared to an operating loss of $12 million for the fourth quarter of 2009, representing a 19% year-over-year improvement. For the full year, our operating loss decreased by approximately $20 million to $38.6 million from $59.4 million in 2009, as we grew our gross profit and continued to find leverage in our operating expenses. As Duane noted, we are targeting to be at or near operating cash breakeven by the end of 2011. We define operating cash breakeven as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and stock compensation expense. Net interest expense of $11.1 million in the fourth quarter and $22.5 million in the full year of 2010, includes approximately $7 million of additional one-time noncash interest expense related to the repayment of the facility agreement with Deerfield Partners. In December we repaid approximately $33 million related to outstanding principal, accrued interest and other charges to retire this debt nearly two years before its maturity. By prepaying the debt, we will save approximately $5 million of cash interest over the next two years. Going forward we expect interest expense of approximately $2.7 million per quarter of which $1.1 million is cash related to the Company's convertible debt which matures in June 2013. We reported a net loss for the fourth quarter of $20.9 million, or $0.50 per share, compared to a net loss of $15.5 million, or $0.44 per share for the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year we reported a net loss of $61.2 million, or $1.54 per share as compared to a net loss of $72.3 million, or $2.43 per share in 2009. As of December 31st 2010, cash and cash equivalents totaled $113.3 million, as compared to $128 million at December 31 2009. We sold 3.45 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of approximately $45.5 million in December 2010, with a majority of those proceeds used to retire the Deerfield facility agreement. In addition, all of the warrants issued in connection with the facility agreement were exercised during the year resulting in the Company receiving approximately $12 million in cash proceeds. As of December 31st, we have approximately 45.5 million common shares currently outstanding. As a matter of good housekeeping, we do expect in the coming weeks to update our universal shelf registration, to ensure that we have flexibility as we continue to rapidly grow. However, to be clear we are confident that we have sufficient cash on hand to achieve operating profitability, and we do not have any current intentions to sell additional shares in the market. Finally turning to 2011 guidance, while the full year guidance reflects the anticipated costs associated with gaining regulatory approval, our expected revenue of $123 million to $133 million, and expected operating loss of $20 million to $28 million do not reflect any revenue or margin benefits from the introduction of our next gen product. As we have previously noted and consistent with the prior year, Q1 tends to be our slower growth quarter, as many of our new patients added late last year defer their training into this year. As a result, these patients do not reorder in Q1, causing sequential growth to be reduced. As such, we are setting Q1 revenue guidance at $27.5 million to $29.5 million, implying flat to about 6% sequential growth. With that, let me turn the call back over to Duane. We actually have expenses built into our 2011 plan that we think we will incur between now and I would say full blown production. So the cost of the products themselves once we start to produce pods and PDMs, which we will start to do once the line is fully validated and ready to go in China. That will ultimately be put on as inventory to start. That will flow through the P&L once that product is effectively sold to a third party, be it a person here in the US, or be it Ypsomed overseas. Within the operating expenses, there are certainly a couple million dollars mainly geared towards the front half of the year, baked in of incremental spend for what we think we will need to be able to get through the FDA and the CE process. That is correct, Kim. Really no change there. Our average selling price remains around $28 per pod. As we work through the cost of given the pod itself it will be a low 50s gross margin for the domestic product. The Ypsomed margin is much lower as we have talked about in the past. Although operating margin profitable right from the get go. And so that is where we think it will ultimately wind up that we remain effectively flat in our gross margins give or take a point either way throughout 2011. Yes, sure. I think what we have tried to articulate is that the business here in the US, we absolutely still believe the current pod will get itself into the low 50s range for gross margin here in 2011. But compared to minimal Ypsomed revenue in 2010, we do expect an uptick in 2011. The margin profile on that is much lower as we have talked about. Certainly part of their start-up costs if you will, is that we are seeding them with a lot more PDMs or the handhelds in the beginning than they may normally have, just so they have some stock on hand as they start to sell. Those PDMs for us come with obviously a higher warranty charge that exists with that unit. So when we factor all of that in, the margin profile for Ypsomed is significantly lower. I don't want to talk specifically about what the number is, for our benefit as well as theirs. But when we blend all of that together, again we think the gross margin will be 50% give or take for the full year. So based off of that we still believe that operating expenses will up tick slightly in the full year. We talked about $21 million to $22 million per quarter, to help fund the regulatory, the commercial expansion, some new work with DexCom. But with that we think with EBITDA plus stock comp add back basis, we will be basically be operating cash breakeven by the end of 2011, which was really our next goal that we had in mind once we were able to achieve the margin profile here in the US. We are all looking forward to the next gen product. If that gets out there sooner, we talked about CE Mark approval. The application has been submitted, and if we can get that launched in some European markets in the back half of the year, then that will provide us with some margin upside with our friends at Ypsomed. Hopefully that will then reflect the right numbers as well. We certainly think that there are some potential positives out there for us. But I think we have tried to take an approach with guidance consistent with how we have done it in the past, focusing on what we can control, and not necessarily banking on what we can't. Hi, Danielle. And we have built our guidance for 2011 using the expectations for what their minimum requirements would be. That is correct. Yes, we finished the fourth quarter with about a 9% annualized attrition rate. We actually saw it decrease a couple-tenths of a percentage point from Q3 to Q4. That trend, while we are basically flat, we view it as a good positive for us in this macroeconomic environment that we are able to kind of hang in there. For the full year we were around 9% annualized attrition which is down a couple of points from where we were in 2009.Yes. Well, let me handle the G&A leverage side and then I will turn it over to Duane to talk about the competitive environment. But from a G&A leverage perspective, I think you are seeing a couple of things. One, we started to achieve some of that in the quarter. As we noted, we were able to cover the PDM -- the additional PDM sampling costs in Q2 for the role out of the PDM 200, as well as launch a customer outreach program, that Duane mentioned, to kind of help combat attrition, and both of those, I think, went very well in the quarter. We also feel pretty good right now in the back office side, that we've got the right folks in place. And we still have work to do around processes and systems, but I think we have made a lot of headway across the organization over the last few months. So, we are feeling pretty good that we can continue to handle the increasing demand for the OmniPod system. Why is G&A down specifically or overall operating expenses? So, again, I think it is a combination of a couple of things. We took a hard look at some of our G&A costs coming in here for Q1. We had a little bit of leftovers, I would say, for 2008 that was accrued and expensed in the first quarter of 2009, mainly around like some professional fee accruals. So, there was some leverage for us there and we were able to take some of that and then move it over to, as you can see, more of an uptick in the commercial organization both for the sampling costs that Duane mentioned, as well as the outreach program. So, we are just trying -- and I think we have talked about it for the last couple of quarters. We are just trying to really look at the dollars we are spending and figure out ways for us to use them in smarter means. And, frankly, G&A is not the spot. We would rather be putting those into R&D and commercial. I think the Abbott revenue was about $1 million in the quarter, which is pretty consistent with where it has been running over the last couple of quarters. Beyond that, I would say from the cost of goods sold side, we are obviously adding in all of those costs into our total number. So, I would certainly have the perspective that you have to include the Abbott revenue in that as well. So, the rest of it I would assume the way you are breaking it out would just be product. No, we remained at 50 reps for the quarter. Well, I think it is still a little bit to be seen. As we worked through over the coming months here to get a couple of deals signed, I think the plan has been that it will still be a small component of 2010 revenue as a lot of markets -- we have the CE Mark approval in hand, but a lot of markets will still take time to work through their various individual reimbursement channels. So, we will expect to have some revenue impact in 2010, but not a number yet. I mean, United is obviously a relatively large healthcare plan, so it certainly has a positive impact for us. But we really don't look at it on a plan-by-plan basis that way. Hang on a second. I will get those numbers for you. Thank you, Duane. As Duane noted, our second quarter results exceeded our original expectations for the quarter. Revenue increased by 97% year-over-year to $14.6 million, as compared to $7.4 million in the second quarter of 2008, and grew sequentially by 17%, from $12.5 million in the first quarter of 2009. The stronger than expected revenue result was due to a record level of referrals in a better than anticipated initial response to our new PDM 200. Looking ahead, we expect the pipeline of referrals and PDM upgrades to remain strong, resulting in an expectation of $16.5 million to $17.5 million in revenue for the third quarter. This represents 13% to 20% sequential growth from Q2. Gross profit for the quarter was $3.2 million, or 22%, as compared to a gross loss of $2.4 million, or negative 32% in the second quarter of 2008, a $5.6 million improvement year-over-year. As Duane noted, we expect that the cost per Pod will fall below $20 in the third quarter, as Flextronics ramps production to meet our anticipated higher levels of demand. In total, we expect third quarter gross margins north of 30%. As expected, operating expenses of $19.6 million remained relatively flat with last quarter, as efficiency savings in areas such as G&A were offset by higher sampling costs related to release of the PDM 200. Operating expenses for the same quarter of 2008 were $19.8 million, reflecting last year's ramp-up of headcount in the commercial organization. We are working hard to identify areas where we can gain operating efficiencies across our support functions in order to better utilize those dollars on higher return investments, such as research and development, customer outreach, and product support. We reported a second quarter 2009 net loss of $20.2 million, or $0.73 per share, as compared to a net loss of $24 million, or $0.87 per share for the second quarter of 2008. The year-over-year change as a result of the significant improvement in gross profit offset by higher interest expense related to the Company's convertible notes issued in June 2008, and the credit facility issued in March 2009. Our Q2 operating loss of $16.4 million decreased by $5.7 million, or 26% from the second quarter of last year as a result of the improvement in gross profit. As of June 30, cash and cash equivalents totaled $52.4 million as compared to $56.7 million at December 31, 2008. We used approximately $13 million in cash for operations in the second quarter, down from $15.5 million in Q1. Total cash burn was $16 million in the quarter, with the remainder related to interest payments. We remain focused on reducing our cash burn as the business continues to grow. Finally, turning to guidance, as I mentioned, we expect third quarter revenues of $16.5 million to $17.5 million. For the full year 2009, we are tightening our revenue and operating loss expectations. We now expect revenue of $58 million to $65 million for the full year, as compared to our previous estimate of $55 million to $65 million, and an operating loss of $55 million to $60 million as compared to our previous estimate of $50 million to $60 million. With that, let me turn the call back over to Duane. Suraj, this is Brian. Really no price increases, I'd say, to kind of talk about. As you know, the managed care process to push through pricing increases is long and lengthy. So, we are seeing a little bit of an uptick due to the PDM upgrades that we are receiving back from payers directly. So, again, probably $0.5 million or so that we talked about in Q2. But really nothing else coming from pricing, and the rest of it is going to come from just the sale of normal product. Clearly, by us being able to right size our inventory a little bit more, in Q2 that is going to allow us to continue to push through lower cost Pods into the P&L in Q3. As we talked about in Q3, we think Pods will be produced under $20, and that is certainly one of the drivers for why we think very confidently that the margin will hit 30% in the third quarter. Probably be, I would say some increase as a percentage of sales, but nothing material. Yes, compared to Q1, absolutely. It is still running about -- it is roughly about -- it is roughly still about 70%, it's the first time they have ever been on a pump or a Pod. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter conference call. I am Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the securities laws. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the Company's potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the Company's press release issued earlier today and in the Risk Factors section of the Company's SEC filings, including the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. Yes, I think somewhat reasonable going forward. To date, not a lot. I mean, as I think as everyone is aware, my predecessor, Carsten Boess, is heading up all of our international operations and has really been the person driving -- he is spending a lot of time abroad, across both Europe and Asia, and identifying partners and putting in all of that legwork necessary. So, he deserves a tremendous amount of credit for the work uncovered so far. And then internally working through what we think the ultimate best strategy is for us as the work that we are doing. Our goal with the international expansion, as we have discussed previously, is to effectively make it as close to a turnkey as possible for us, where we have gone in direct and we don't have to build the level of infrastructure internationally that we have here in the US. No real change in Q2. We are probably still averaging high single digits right now from distributors. The good news -- in fact, the question that Duane just answered, from a managed care perspective, distributors -- between distributors and our direct contracts, we are well covered. No. I mean, I think we are averaging 19% through the first six months, so I would say it is unlikely that we would be able to average 30% for the full year. For Q3, we are expecting it to be north of 30%, and hopefully we will continue to see some momentum into Q4 in the markets. I think we'll have to see. I think your typical upgrades or so, a lot of people believe is somewhere from an industry basis of around a third or so. But we are pretty encouraged with the pace so far. No. So, it wasn't shut down, it was -- ultimately, the shutdown that we talked about for them to relocate facilities is likely to happen in the winter. We are running a limited time promotion through the end of this quarter, I believe, which is at $149 upgrade price. The PDM now has been on the market for a couple of months, as Duane mentioned. You know, 20% of the customer base is upgraded. It had some impact in Q2, probably in the neighborhood of about $0.5 million. And then on the other side, for sampling expenses, it was probably about $0.75 million of expense. At this juncture we are just talking. We are envisioning EU-only introduction to this drug and device. Yes, absolutely. We feel comfortable with the $16.5 to $17.5 million guidance for Q3. Sure, great question. A couple of things happened on the inventory front. We learned probably in the middle of May or so, there were some discussions -- we obviously have folks in China on a daily basis -- that the proposed shutdown of Flex that we thought was going to happen right about now was going to be pushed back. And it is likely right now looking more towards Q1 of 2010 in conjunction with the Chinese New Year. When we learned that, we said, well, this provided us a really good opportunity to do two things. One, to right size the inventory a little bit, because we didn't want to continue to carry that rate of inventory for the remainder of the year. And, second, our R&D team has been working on some different designs of several different components, hopefully to be able to reduce some costs and improve -- continue to improve the overall quality. And so we used that time with Flex to be able to test some of those instead. So, we created a nice opportunity for us to be able to kind of do both of those things in one shot, right size the inventory and keep moving forward. And, so, Bill, just to answer your other question, depreciation year-to-date has been about $2.6 million. Again, most of these numbers I think you can just pretty much double. So, assume about $5 million to $5.5 million on depreciation by the end of the year. Stock comp has been $2.2 million through six months, and that is probably somewhere in the range of $4.5 million by the end of the year.I think I should just sit down. I also am envious of Cablevision and they have done a fabulous job and my hat is off to Tom Rutledge for really being one of the companies to be as progressive as they have and we can talk about some of the comparisons at some point. Okay. Here is our safe harbor, please read carefully. Okay. Well, you know, we've tried very hard to give our best guess that there are multiple technological paths that are being pursued by different operators to reclaim the bandwidth and do so at a really affordable price that we would all agree was not just a no-brainer but was the bargain of a decade. Bargain of all time. So if we spent, as an industry, $100 billion to go from 500 megahertz to 750, we basically got 250 megahertz for $100 billion. And God knows what the Bells are spending or proposing to spend. And whether they really will or won't. We can, as an industry, either through switch video or through digital simulcast or a combination of both get some or all of 500 megahertz that are today devoted to analog. And you can project it out for the entire industry probably less than 5 billion, less than 5% of that price to get double the bandwidth or some math that is just -- it's incredible. Now you don't need all that bandwidth right this moment. And so at you don't need to go spend it all now. So I don't think any bubble is happening. And in fact if the real question underneath that question is, do you have to rebuild this cable system because you are going to run out of bandwidth? I think there is a uniform view there are things we can do to relieve tension on the bandwidth that is value adding services, revenue generating, not just capital that goes against free cash flow and doesn't produce any new revenue for sure. Well, it is very much on our minds. And we, at this point you've got to walk, then you've got to run, then you've got to sprint. And right this moment we are enabling CDV so that we can make sure that we must get it right in terms of the consumer experience. Maybe you could criticize us for being too slow but our feeling was we had one shot to get this right. We also chose to build an experience that is really not just phone. So when we go up to those 20 million people we are not eventually selling just plain old telephone. In the fullness of time because we now have one platform for all of Comcast, we believe we're going to be able to have innovation of other products that you didn't refer to whether it is caller ID, or instant messaging across platform services so you can get on your PC what you get on your TV and take it on a wireless device. And all the things that are maybe not the focus now, we think will be more easily enabled because we have one network and one architecture. As we look at that opportunity, Craig, I don't view it as a one-year thing or a two-year thing. We believe we have a sustainable advantage. We believe we're going to have a differentiated product. And we're going to go back to those homes when we are absolutely able to be sure we have a better value for them and a better product for them. Today if we can install one million phones and that's one million more sales and truck rolls than we did last year, we have to get that right. And so one of the debates has been, okay, where do we focus the one million? Do we go back to our existing customers? Do we go to two-pay customers and just add them? And that is internally is we could take in more business than we can physically handle and we don't want to get out of control. And at the same time we don't want to sit back and go too slow. So I don't know if that really addresses the question. There is no question the opportunity is there. There is no question that we are going to accelerate as we go here, market by market. Our New England market is flying and some of our other markets are getting certified right now. But if you could project out a year or 18 months and had the patience to think that way, which I know different people have different time horizons. The whole Company is going to be pedal to the metal and you are seeing it with Cablevision. And you are seeing a really well-run market really well run is lifting a lot of customers that didn't buy before. That affect will creep into our numbers over time. I don't think it happens in one day. This next spot I don't think is out yet. Well, there will be lots of experimentation. I'm not a futurist so I can't totally tell you what might not be. But I don't think most people want to have a haphazard experience when they watch television. When they go out on the Internet I think their expectations are very different. So as I said we don't look at either on a wireless device or on an iPod or frankly on the Internet as a meaningful real-term, real-time threat. I'm more worried about a promotion from DirecTV right now than we are about that. And so in fact we see it just the opposite. As I said I think we see it as an opportunity to make our experience. You know, you can download that song in two seconds now and it was seven seconds last month. People will be happier with Comcast. Oh by the way (technical difficulty) compare it to say Vonage, or Skype, or others, where there are some customers who will buy their phone that way. I'm not sure they have displaced their phone company (technical difficulty). But that doesn't seem to be retarding CDV (technical difficulty) people we want, want to spend $100 a month. They want somebody to come to their house, service it, be there when they say they will be there, come on Saturday, come on Sunday, come at 7:00 at night, come at 6:00 in the morning. Whenever it is convenient for them. These are not the mindsets of a traditional cable or phone or electric company from the good old days. That is the mindset of Comcast right now. We are going to have a service experience that is local, in your community and will come, we'll hook this all up for you, we will make it work, this complicated network. I don't know about you, my computer crashes at least once a day, not once a week in the house for something, the kid did this, I did that, Microsoft did this. What do you do? So you want to have somebody who gets that for you and can handle the 220 million phone calls we take a year. I'm not that worried about Internet land where -- who do I call? Who is going to come to my house? And I don't think is about that in the long run. I think it is about delivering real value and a great experience and I think we can do that for a very long time. Tell me about it. Well it's happening right now. 75% of our capital is success based; 25% is to do with infrastructure that you are just talking about. We are generating free cash flow well north of $2 billion, accelerating double-digits itself, well, you know, with the 1 as the first digit. I mean it is a -- that all bakes in capital spending. If we sell new products I'm all in favor and I've said this consistently, in spending more because those are recurring revenues. These are not onetime sales. These are $40 a month subscriptions or $30 a month or a new DVR that is so sticky that the worst thing that can happen is it breaks. And I lose all my shows or I'm going to switch to satellite. Why would I do that? And so we are fortunate right now. It is quite stable. It is very I think tied to RGU growth rate and I think we have a good dialog with Wall Street that seems to understand that RGU growth rate is what is powering future cash flow and it is all working. Well happier this year. But keep the faith. Thank you. Well I think first of all we have moved on. Asterisk, I think Disney is at a 52-week high too. So I think a lot of us went into some doldrums and have come back. I think the media sector, the telecom sector, it doesn't help to have every major potential competitor saying we're going to be there tomorrow and tomorrow didn't come. And they are now saying they will be there tomorrow. And hopefully that tomorrow won't come. So there has been a lot of things happening. Let me just put that in perspective. But in terms of our view of content we haven't missed a beat. We've been (technical difficulty) use our purchasing scale and use our technological innovation to get those 2 billion ON DEMAND orders available. We are getting great cooperation from some content companies and we are getting some resistance from others. But in the long run the technology is appealing or is happening, whether it's appealing or not is from where you look. And as it turns out, we are not having the resistance that we had a couple of years ago. (technical difficulty) Desperate Housewives (technical difficulty) Disney was maybe the floodgate opener. And yet not that many people are watching video on iPods maybe yet maybe ever but the content companies are certainly thinking differently than they've ever thought before. And that is precisely what we had hoped to achieve and we can not rehash what we don't have to rehash here today. We have moved on. We are focused. And I do think that we can work with the content company and build new content properties. Fascinating idea, Jeff Shell is doing a great job in thinking out of the box. So one of the ideas with the Sony MGM relationship, is let's start a horror channel was our first idea and then we realized right now channels are kind of tough. There is not a lot of channel space that people want to use, they went to reclaim that bandwidth for all the things that we just talked about. Why not just do it on demand? So on Halloween, we will launch an ON DEMAND horror channel that will literally be like a channel but it will be just what you want when you program it yourself as the consumer. Because it will be themed and have stunts and have programming that is there and not there later. You will have some of the features that somewhere between a static on demand and a full-blown live channel. We have five ideas for those kinds of channels that we can partner with content companies, create new revenues for them and new excitement for the consumer. I don't sleep well because that is my nature period. It is irrelevant. There seems to be a trend around the world that IPTV is the more prevalent. I think Verizon's strategy for now appears to be a one-off. But many of around the world is the close proximity of the central office to immediately make it happen and what happens to high-def TV and what happens as you want to do more and more and more services? And so, you know what, it is irrelevant if you are where we are. We assume nothing and we are going to compete. We are competing today for each one of our businesses. So we've got to -- it doesn't matter. We've got to assume it's going to get there at some point. But in the reality it is not there right now and we are getting to those homes and saying here is a great value, give us all your phone business, give us all your data business and give us all your video business. And I think we're going to have many quarters of that across the country. As you can tell with having 20 whatever I said 23 quarters of double-digit cash flow growth, Comcast is pretty financially focused, pretty disciplined. And if we were good at one thing I think it is putting numbers up. You could criticize us for sometimes being too financial and not being aggressive enough. And other would people would say just the opposite. And one of the things I constantly do like to say is I think it is our job to listen to all the inputs and then occasionally put on earmuffs and say what would you do if every dollar was your own? And to answer that question I think you'd say we are here for the long term. We don't intend to build it and sell and strip mine it. And so therefore long-term growth, sustainable growth is where wins the debate inside our company. So if we have to sacrifice a margin, which by the way we haven't, thank goodness what a wonderful business that we've had -- that slide I put up with the average revenue to be able to compound at 11. If we didn't have the new products we'd be making some tough decisions. But I'm glad we made those investments and now we have these kind of growth rates. Well, I've read all the interviews with the various potential competitors at this conference and at others. I think uniformly people are saying we don't think that we need a price war because there are potentially two competitors. But I step back and say I don't see it being that imminent. I don't understand either the any product differentiation. I don't kind of -- I can't deal with it because it is a little theoretical. What I can focus on is what Comcast is doing. And we are not stopping our innovation. And we are not stopping our new products. And our business is going to be very, very healthy. And if along the way in some markets we get some more competition, that is something we can count on. And I don't think that will retard the kind of experience in growth that we are going to experience. Obviously if you never have any competition that would be better. But today, (indiscernible) open up the newspaper and you can get a free satellite dish. And if you open up the newspaper you can for $12.95 get a broadband connection. And we're going to have maybe the fastest growth rate of the company at any time in the last four or five years or three years if based on the first-quarter and I'm sticking with our guidance but I mean it is certainly it is a great start to the year. And true for many other cable companies. Something seems to be happening with the consumer. I think these trends are hard to change. You've got to have a product. There has to be a something, a reason and it can't just be I can save $5 a month. Plus, what the bundle allows us to do is to use not have to cut prices for any existing businesses. In theory our bundle price or our phone price in the bundle can fluctuate if we need to in competitive situations. So I think we had the toolkit, but we have a head start and we had a mindset that we are not just sitting behind (technical difficulty) to step on the pedal and continue that innovation. Okay. We also want to have a little fun and I tell you we showed these to the employees two days ago. We had a big Comcast live and there is just an enthusiasm and a feeling of confidence and that we are going to be better than all our competitors. And it is an exciting time to work for the Company. One of our single greatest challenges is hiring enough people right now to be able to install all the new products we want to sell this year. We are working real part at that but there is an excitement about this Company that is just -- I give a lot of credit to some of the folks who have dreamed up things like that advertising campaign. Okay. And then the real new story here is our ability to get going big time with Comcast digital voice. We are now available in 20 million homes in 30 markets today as you can see there. We ended 2005 with 25 markets in 16 million homes so you can see we have had a pretty quick 25% increase. At the end of this year, we hope to be in 80% of the Company with over 30 million homes. So that is a lot of -- that is a 50% change or almost a doubling from year end to year end. And so we have 75,000 people all being trained. What is triple play? What is voice? How do I service it? What are all the answers to all the customers (technical difficulty). It is really hard. But it is really happening and we have been maniacally focused into the point of turning off every other major new initiative right now to just focus on voice. And I think we are going to have a great year. The first quarter we were able to sell more CDVs than we did all of last year. I said before I believe that even though the rest of the business will have its normal seasonality, CDV will not. We should accelerate every quarter this year from the prior quarter because we are on that ramp and that should be a very safe prediction. We said we would do 1 million CDVs this year, we did 200,000 last year. That is powering RGU growth. And again I hope we can do even better. What this allows that is so strategic more than just 1 million people paying you $40 a month, which is not bad. (technical difficulty) do it again next year, better and again and again and do like high-speed data and build somewhere between zero and a $4 billion a year business in less than seven years that it took us to do high-speed data is maybe the missing link that has been a part and I think Craig alluded to this, it is the value that we can bring to a customer who takes all of our products. And so today we have 20 million homes that take -- or 22 million homes that take cable or a current customer relationship. We also have 20 million more homes who take nothing from us. But is triple play opportunity when we are done we will be basically there, as I said, 30 million homes and eventually all but a few of the 40 million homes as we build it out across everywhere. Then you can go to a customer and say, well for $99 take all three products. If you are a DSL customer, come back or come over. If you are satellite, gee, we have a better video product, come over. And the average take rate, as you can see, is customers feel so good about the value they get for $99 they are willing to take HBO, they are willing to take (technical difficulty) they are willing to upgrade their modem speed or whatever. And they end up at about 120 to $130. We've also been lacking a video offering for anything less than $50. I mean as we've raised rates all these years you know 45, $50 is the entry point. Having that enhanced basic technology and that digital technology is going to allow us to create packages at the starting point, if you take other products, the video price is really $33, each product is $33. So it is a total (technical difficulty) in terms of the value equation for our customers and at the same time because we are running it all on one network, if we can train our people to have one truck roll that can install all three products and one truck roll that can service all three products what a competitive advantage that is over any of our other would-be competitors. And so it is a great start to the year. The first quarter has everybody with a little bounce in their step, as I said before. We think it is sustainable. We think there is a new product, a momentum with CDV really being the driver yet it lifts things like high-speed data. We had the best high-speed data quarter in the Company's first quarter in history. That is almost counterintuitive at this stage. But that is a direct result of the bundle. And just the power of the marketing and the advertising campaign and the service improvements. And so I think that we are also at work for things like Powerboost which is how can use the existing platform with a nominal investment to really innovate and grow and sustain this growth? And we can talk about some of those other (technical difficulty) Q&A. But it is a really great start to the year. Okay, fire away. Well, we are constantly looking at that question. And I think that it's a very honest and constructive dialog. We brought back I think $5 billion of stock, we have announced another $5 billion worth of stock buybacks. We do have the Adelphia deal pending. We just bought Susquehanna. We have some other partnerships. There's been discussion of whether Disney (technical difficulty) and that is a cash need. So within that we said around 3 times leverage, 2.5 to 3 times leverage you have to be there when the rating agencies downgrade you, post Enron, post Adelphia, right after we bought AT&T. It was less than a year ago I think that we got upgraded from one notch away even though from junk even though our balance sheet has really never been stronger. And so we are constantly trying to find a balance. We've taken 100% or more of our free cash flow and bought back the stock. We will continue to buy back the stock with all the free cash flow. And we will not let the leverage go a whole lot lower and we brought it back up through either these acquisitions or additional stock buybacks. The question you are asking is, would you go out and borrow another $10 billion? Just a question that has been asked of me. And I will put it right out there. It doesn't take your leverage up too badly, different people have different views to that. And buy back stock today as compared to buying that $10 billion, let's say, over the next couple of years from your free cash flow? However many years that would take to generate. And what I've said is that would perhaps make us one of the largest debtors in the United States (technical difficulty) the third largest debtor in fact I think is the stat of any commercial company that is not a financial institution. I've kind of said that is not really necessary for an extra 10% of the shares to be bought back three years sooner. And that is maybe the only disagreement of how fast do we do it not will we get there in the fullness of time if the business continues the way it is. And I continue to have that discussion with investors and we relook at it all the time. But so far we've been buying a lot of stock and we continue to do so. Well, I think as you transition from that last series of questions, we've got to dream a little bit. And you step back and you say, okay, what is the most successful business to sweep the country in the last five years, maybe the last 50 years? It is got to be Google. And you say what is it about Google that is so viral and so powerful? And it is that you get exactly what you want when you do a search and that information is so valuable and yet they compromise no one's privacy in the process. And so you can sit there in say I have a real live role model that I would like to go after in an interactive advertising or in some whatever addressable advertising, whatever you want to call the experience. How can we take and match a message to a viewer using an intelligent device like a computer and a broadband network? Well we have almost all those ingredients coming into every home. Because everything I just described is computer is the box, the network is upgraded and we have a relationship with every single TV channel. And if we can create that network, just as Google has done, it doesn't mean we have to keep it proprietary just for Comcast. Why couldn't you go to a broadcaster and say, you can have that targeting feature yourself. Just a commercial discussion. So there doesn't appear to be any other large scale aggregator of that kind of capability. And that is a huge opportunity that this industry and working with the advertising industry and content companies ought to be in everybody's interest and particularly the consumer. Because what it shows is you can get free information so you are going to be able to get more programming without having to pay for it because the advertising is going to be so much more valuable. So we're not going to have to raise your rate, the advertising is going to be more valuable. So there's just a tremendous momentum to figure that out. I don't think that's this quarter or next quarter, but that is a huge long-term opportunity. And look at the wealth that was created just by having text information delivered more efficiently, created Google, imagine that in television. And I think we are in a great position for that. And that is something we are working on and probably not working (technical difficulty) trying real hard.Thank you, Marlene, and welcome, everybody. Thanks for coming and joining us in Philadelphia. So this Kimmel Center is Philadelphia's weekend center, if you will and it's spectacular. This is the smaller of the two theaters. We were just sitting there, Steve and I, were chatting about the significance. The night that they opened the new, biggest cultural project in 25, maybe 50 years in Philadelphia the same day we had a very, very significant meeting with AT&T that sort of set the stage for AT&T Broadband actually happening. And it's kind of bittersweet today because today's the first time in 20 years that Larry Smith is not going to be presenting to you. He's put himself in the balcony, in the back row up there somewhere just to listen and follow his investment now like a shareholder like everybody else. But Larry had the great line, because we had sorted traded away a tax point with AT&T that day that was maybe $1 billion. And Larry walked into the grand black tie gala. All of Philadelphia was here and everyone was marveling at the achievement of ten years of work to build the Kimmel Center and he came up to Steve, Ralph, and I and bopped our bubble and said, &quot;You know we just traded away three of these today.&quot; So every time I come back Larry keeps us right where we need to be with our feet on the ground. So anyway thank you again for coming. We really also appreciate the long-term holders who have been with the company and for those of you that perhaps this is your first meeting thanks for making the trek to Philadelphia. Really for me and I think for a lot of us in the company Analyst Day is an opportunity for all of us to step back and to slow down to access where we are and really where we're going. And I think you'll find today that we're focused and that we've given you a pack full of information and as we prepared and everybody did their own presentations and you look at it put together it confirmed for me not only how enthusiastic we really are but also how collected we really are in our strategy. And I think that's perhaps may be a defining point that you'll observe today. You know we've been doing these kinds of meetings every two years or so for the last ten or 12 years, and I can tell you our business may have never changed for the better more than it has in the last two years. This change really began in 2006, which was a fabulous year in so many ways. In fact, it probably is one of the most important years in the company's history as it put on a path to significant and sustainable growth for years to come. Comcast, as many of you know, has always been about -- if you pick one word we would say its growth. First we grew primarily by building cable systems and acquiring new franchises. Later the growth came from many, what now seem small, but at the time seemed huge, acquisitions and investments in both cable and to a lesser extent content. The strategy then was similar to what it is today. Concentrate on building long-term value by focusing on core businesses and in businesses that relate to cable. We're cable-centric. Why cable? Well it has recurring monthly revenue. We believed from the beginning that choice sells, that consumers will always take the opportunity to control their own destiny. And these are some of the same reasons that my father Ralph, who is sitting right over there with Julian Brodsky started this company and got into cable television in 1963. And it's a big part of the reason why we've been able to deliver outstanding stock performance since we went public 35 years in 1972. So if you pick one slide, and I usually like to do this and keep track of where we're at, that we're most proud of is a long-term track record to create shareholder value, that if you invested $7,000 you'd have nearly $3.6 million 35 years later, nearly double the S&P 500 compounded for 35 years. By being in cable we also therefore get to see ground floor investment opportunities that help make these returns possible in new businesses that need cable to succeed whether that's content needing carriage or high-speed data in telephone needing a connection to the home. And we think we've been able to successfully create significant value in many of our investments over the years. So cable really is at the core of everything we do, and our history is one of investing in cable time and time again. Now here's an interesting chart. When you look at our investment record since 1990 we've acquired 23 million customers in 17 transactions, grew cable 50 times from 224 million, to close to 12 billion by the end of this year. But our biggest and only best-of-company transaction was (the) cable transaction AT&T brought down. That acquisition was truly transformative giving us a national footprint in some 20 of the top 25 markets and the ability to invest and innovate and rollout new products in scale. And that's been our focus since then, new products and innovation to differentiate our service to create a unique and better experience for our customers. That strategy and focus have produced strong results, including the first quarter of 2007 we've had 27 straight quarters of double-digit OCF growth. We've sold 14 million new products in the last four years with a minimum of 6.5 million this year alone. Today we're in an exciting new stage of growth, which began about 15 months ago when we made the decision to launch triple play. This new stage of growth is characterized not by large acquisitions or a major rebuild, but rather by execution and a focus on providing our customers with superior and increasingly integrated products. And that's caused real momentum in the business and by building on this momentum, we are confident that we can deliver long-term value and sustainable growth. Specifically we believe double-digit cash flow growth is achievable from our existing businesses over the next three years. And that growth can be -- and double-digit revenue growth. And that growth can be sustained over the long-term with new businesses that we are seeding today. Triple play has put us on this path to significant and real growth for years to come. So you're going to see today that we aren't resting. Rather we're aggressively moving on all fronts, product development, marketing, customer service, and technology. And to do that one of the most important steps we have taken is to add to our already, we believe, industry-leading management team. Many of them are in the audience or making presentations today so let me just highlight a few and I don't mean to offend any of my Comcast colleagues that are here today by not putting them on the chart.Yes. No, that's on the CapEx number, you'd see that in the working capital movement. Yes, it does. Aaron, I don't have it right in front of me. I'll get back to you on it. I didn't do that quick little analysis. We do know, as I said in the script though, if I look at that one element of our business where we put concert promotion, the artist service and expanded right revenue, it's down 25% year-over-year. If we exclude that, the segment grew by 6%. Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. This quarter unlevered after tax free cash flow increased to $68 million from $52 million in the prior year quarter. As expected, cash used in operating activities was $39 million compared to $11 million in the prior year quarter. And free cash flow was negative $46 million compared to negative $36 million in the prior year quarter, reflecting our increase in cash interests to $114 million from $88 million in the prior year quarter. Our cash balance of $219 million at June 30 is up $65 million in the fiscal year-to-date. As Steve briefly mentioned, our reported OIBDA numbers this quarter include, in the current quarter $17 million of severance expense; and in the prior year quarter a $12 million benefit from a significant Recorded Music legal settlement with LimeWire; $10 million of severance expense and $5 million of expenses related to our sale to Access Industries. As a result, total OIBDA fell 14%. However, adjusted for these items, OIBDA was up $3 million and OIBDA margin expanded 1 percentage point. This quarter's severance expense largely relates to structural changes implemented in our international Recorded Music business, as we remain on track to achieve our targeted cost savings of between $50 million and $65 million over the nine fiscal quarter period which began on July, 2011. While our total revenue declined 1% on a constant currency basis, digital revenue grew, up 16%. We're pleased that we continue to generate increasingly more revenue from streaming and subscription businesses, as well as from the international expansion of a number of digital music services. Subscription and streaming services account for 25% of our Recorded Music digital revenue in the quarter and this revenue segment is growing at a significantly higher rate than revenue from downloads. From a geographic perspective, revenue growth in the US, Germany, Italy, Canada, Latin America, and parts of Asia was more than offset by weakness in France and Japan. Declines in France were largely driven by a difficult compare against the prior year quarter's strong concert promotion revenue, which included tours from Christophe Mae and the Black Eyed Peas. In Music Publishing, digital revenue increased as download and subscription and some streaming revenue were strong. Synchronization revenue improved due to the timing of collections. In constant currency, this offset the decline in performance revenue and the continued decline in mechanical revenue, which is attributed to the industry wide drop in CD sales. Softness in performance revenue is related to an industry wide reduction in US radio license fees, as mentioned last quarter, partially offset by improved US advertising market, stronger chart positions on the hit charts, and recent acquisitions. Music Publishing OIBDA improved significantly, up 18%, and OIBDA margin expanded 4 percentage points as a result of the successful execution of our A&R investment and acquisition strategy focused on investing our resources in higher margin assets. In Recorded Music, revenue declines moderated as an improvement in the release schedule and strong digital revenue growth of 15% helped to offset continued industry declines in the physical business. Digital revenue represented 54% of US reported music revenue in the quarter compared to 48% in the prior year quarter and 42% of worldwide Recorded Music revenue compared to 35% in the prior year quarter. Top sellers in the quarter included Lincoln Park, Jason Mraz, Germany's The Toten Hosen, Fun, and BOB. Artist services and expanded rights revenue, which includes revenue from our artist service businesses and revenues from our participation in expanded rights associated with our recording artists, slipped 25% from the prior year quarter, as concert promotion revenue declined 37% related to touring cycles. Excluding concert promotion revenue, this segment grew by 6%. Artist services and expansion --and expanded rights revenue represented 11% of our Recorded Music revenue in the quarter compared to 14% in the prior year quarter. Our Recorded Music OIBDA decline reflected an increase in severance payments and the fact that the prior year quarter included a $12 million benefit from the LimeWire settlement. Adjusted for severance and LimeWire, Recorded Music OIBDA was down $3 million, largely related to the decline in revenue. Before we move on to Q&A, I wanted to update you on our CapEx spending. We've previously noted that CapEx would remain constant at about $25 million for the fiscal year. We have recently launched a new artist royalty system and we now expect CapEx for this year to be closer to $30 Million. Overall, we are encouraged by some of the promising signs we saw this quarter. Our business continues to generate strong, unlevered after-tax cash flow, our Music Publishing business remains stable, digital growth remains strong and our artist development successes in both our businesses are laying the groundwork for the future. With that, operator, please open the line for questions. Questions and Answers The other thing, too, Aaron, that we have there in Music Publishing is, we have a concerted effort from an investment perspective both in new signings and acquisitions to seek longer term, higher margin assets in that business. And we've allowed some of the shorter term, thinner margin admin deals, which have larger revenue attached to them, either expire or -- and we're not renewing them as we go forward. That's going to put some pressure on the Music Publishing top line. But we really believe that we're going to be increasing, continuing to try to increase our margins there through acquisitions of sort of longer term, higher margin assets. Kind of like acquisitions. We've done both in Recorded Music and Music Publishing. Recently our acquisition activity has been around the Music Publishing space. Sure. Yes, because the organic growth is coming from the writer signings that we're doing that are absent the acquisition activity. Yes. So what's driving -- what we had before, we had that on the line called nontraditional and it was on the line physical/other. It's becoming a more meaningful element of our revenue base, so we decided to break it out. We've been talking about the expanded rights that we're getting with our artist agreements in signing 360 deals. And it's really being driven by the rights that we're getting associated with our 360 rights around participations in artist ticketing, artist touring, merchandising and then the other element of it are the concert promotion businesses that we've acquired in Europe. Principally, I know the one thing that we talked about, the year-over-year comp, which is difficult, is what's going on in France, which is the business that we have there called New. Last year they had big tours by Christophe Mae and the Black Eyed Peas. That didn't recur this year and therefore we have a downtick just in that line item. So, Andrew, you're right, I did say that, that subscriptions and streaming revenue accounted for 25% of digital revenue in the quarter. And that is a faster growing segment of our digital revenue as compared to downloads. And we're seeing the advent of services and Spotify's been around, but Spotify in the US is gaining traction. Other services outside of the US, but these are service -- these are now becoming larger contributors it our digital revenue as they gain traction. Yes, yes. I mean, the -- we've taken the charges in this year and there's some cash effect for the majority will be this year. But then there's some going out. So, Andrew, what we've done there in Music Publishing, some of the recent acquisitions that we've done are US centric acquisitions. We've got stronger chart positions in the US as a result of some of those acquisitions and then signings in the writer area. Some of them we highlighted in our comments in the script. And the other thing that we have from a European perspective is the headwinds from just an overall economic standpoint in Europe, as it relates to some of the revenue lines for Music Publishing. Performance revenues in Europe, just given the broader economic issues in Europe around advertising and things like that, are under pressure. So, that's when you see growth in the US and some softness in Europe. Andrew, by way of example, Spotify announced in July that they now have a four million paid subscribers globally, which is a gain of roughly 33% from January. And they announced that between their paid subscribers and premium, they now have 15 million active users. So, their conversion rate looks good and they continue to cast a wide net by way of introducing people to the service. And hopefully they will continue to have meaningful growth rates, Deezer as well, and other streaming and subscription services.Overall? We shipped them probably in the neighborhood of 100,000 Pods or so in the quarter. Somewhere around there. Again, they're making good progress as they continue to add patients overall. Keep in mind that most of the vendors, most of the supply chain -- it's the same. So it's not like there's a lot of new folks here that have no idea what we're doing. We're ultimately just making sure that we have a good seamless transition to be able to move volume from one product to the next. Good news on that front. We're still a solid 9%, but I'd tell you, we've actually creeped to the other side of 9%, as compared to being on the side between 9% and 10%. 10% in the US. Basically, we have a 10% share in the US of US pumpers. I guess I would characterize it a little bit differently. I think we have been pretty clear since we did the acquisition back in June, that it was going to take us the fair part of two or three quarters to work through all of the true integration efforts, to make sure that we could be in position to be able to do a good job on this. I think we could have rushed it, and been able to maybe make some short-term impacts sooner; but at the same time, we might have sacrificed in the long run to be able to do that. So a lot of effort went into the people side, the managed-care plan side, the system side -- all of those pieces to make sure that we are up and ready to go. Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2012 conference call. I'm Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the Securities Laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in section 27A of the Securities Act, and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act and are making this statement for purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor provisions. The forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the Company's potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the Company's press release issued earlier today and in the Risk Factors section of the Company's SEC filings including the Company's annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I'd also like to remind you that the guidance we're offering today represents a point-in-time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of the call, as well as to today's press release, at myomnipod.com in the Investor Section. And now I'll turn the call over to Duane. Well, overall, at this point I think we have the capacity to make in the neighborhood of 150,000 to 200,000 Pods per month. We're not running it every day full speed; don't really have the need to yet. Right? But we absolutely are starting to produce product, and there's some of those Pods that are now part of our inventory. As we sit, you can look at the balance sheet and see that our inventory balance has started to increase and some of that is related to the aeros product. We would love to be able to get to that position with China; and again, it is a regulatory process that we don't control. And we're working our way through France, which are two of the primary ones. Beyond that, with the next generation Pod, Ypsomed is effectively in seven markets, with Germany, Switzerland, Netherlands, UK, Sweden, Norway, and I am probably forgetting somebody. But that is their core group today, and we are working through a few others to be this year. So a country like Austria, for example, that leverages some of the German PDM already, is one that we would be able to probably launch in relatively short order. A couple of the other ones which get into new languages and new territories will take us a little bit longer. To give you a flavor for it, I don't have, at this point, an actual country by country list. We are still working through that with the Ypsomed folks to make sure we have the right prioritization, the right schedule, and the right timing. We are pretty much status quo with where we were three months back. We are still working around the French reimbursement. Now with the CE-Marked Pod and the plan would be to figure out how to gain it around the next-gen product as compared to the older version. In China, we are still going through the SFDA regulatory process there, as well. It's the 4, yes. Correct. Still 70% to 75% of our new starts, very consistent for the last few years, have been people coming from multiple daily injections that have not been on pumps before. I think the main focus of the synergies so far have been around the cross-selling efforts that we have talked about. So there's two main channels there -- how do we bring OmniPod customers things like testing supplies? And that can happen through either the pharmacy side of the house or the DME side of the house -- the more managed-care plan side of it. Both have parts where they're easier than the other, and probably both have the parts that they're a little more challenging. So that has been the main focus on it. Secondarily, for a while now, we've had some synergy that is happening at the doctors' offices across the sales teams, so we've tried to help support each other a little bit and making sure that we are managing a doctor's account, and if there is something that the doctor needs from the OmniPod side, but the Neighborhood rep is there, we can try to cover those things for each other. So that has been a big positive over the last couple of quarters. And third, the big area probably to come is really focusing around how can we start to look through their base of customers, especially with the next-generation OmniPod on the horizon, and be able to bring some of those MDI patients, for example, to pump therapy. I did not. Sorry. I think, again, one of the big things, we think it's important for our customers to be able to get them this next-generation OmniPod as soon as we possibly can. Certainly there's some financial benefits to the business as well by doing so, but we think ultimately it's going to be a great product, and it's going to provide the customer with a great experience. So our push is the same as it's been, which is, we're moving everybody to the next-generation OmniPod, frankly, as soon as we're able to. I can't tell you that it is going to be an absolute zero by any stretch. Who knows for sure? We certainly think there are patients who are going to be very excited about the next generation OmniPod, who for whatever reason don't want to have the current one and haven't come on the product before. I think we all have anecdotal stories about that. That said, the sales team has done a tremendous job and continue to do a tremendous job to meet with potential customers, as well as healthcare professionals; talk to them about the benefits of being on pump therapy. Keep in mind that 70% to 75% of our customers have never been on a pump before. If a pump makes sense for those people, there is no reason whatsoever to wait. It's to get them on product now, and ultimately the upgrade path will take care of itself with no additional cost or burden or any of those other things. So given that, we think we have done a real good job of trying to mitigate the risk of people deciding to wait for something that, frankly, is still an unknown target. Can I tell you with a certainty that's everybody? Of course not. We have never broken out between Pods and PDMs or any of that stuff. Think of it as, if Neighborhood did not exist, that is what the growth would have been. Onto OmniPod pumps, you mean? I don't have an exact number -- not a lot, because again, it has not been the primary focus. Ultimately, a lot of that comes back down to managed care plans and other things. Some, but we have not put together very formal active programs to do so. Today, roughly, excluding warranty costs and some other things, a little over $100 a PDM, right? So, as we've talked about beforehand, when we swap people in the back half of this year to the next-generation OmniPod, it's effectively a three-month payback. Because we save somewhere in the neighborhood of $3 to $4 per Pod. We'll ship you about 30 Pods in your initial reorder. And the cost of the PDM happens to be between that $100 and $120 mark, so those effectively offset each other. Sorry, one more time, Raj? As we've previously talked about, the primary focus is right now around some of the synergies that we're after from the revenue side, have been around some of the cross-selling efforts. We think there is a lot of benefits to be had there in a relatively short period of time, and to really improve our customer service effort for a lot of our OmniPod customers by doing so. And secondarily to that is this idea of, with the next-generation OmniPod hopefully in hand, which has been part of our driver for it, is to be able to plan it around then, is to be able to more aggressively and actively go after those customers. To characterize it as somewhere in the end of 2012, beginning of 2013, is probably the right timing, but I'm not sure exactly when. The DDG conference. Thanks Duane. Revenue increased by 69% to $47.8 million in first quarter of 2012, compared to $28.3 million in the first quarter of 2011. On an organic basis excluding the impact of the June 2011 acquisition of Neighborhood Diabetes, revenue grew by approximately 25% year-over-year. As we've seen in prior years, sales rebounded in March after a seasonally slower January and February. This momentum appears to be continuing in to the second quarter. In terms of deductible issues and their impact on patients, the first quarter of 2012 appeared to be very consistent with what we saw in 2011. We do not expect insurance deductibles to be a significant concern in Q2. Gross profit for the quarter improved to $20.3 million, compared to a gross profit of $13.5 million in the first quarter 2011. Our gross margin was approximately 43% in the quarter, consistent with the fourth quarter gross margin and down from approximately 48% in the first quarter of last year. Margins in our US OmniPod business remained flat at approximately 50% in first quarter of 2012. Operating expenses for the first quarter were $31.2 million compared to $20.8 million in the first quarter 2011, and $30.6 million in the fourth quarter 2011. The year-over-year increase is primarily related to the operating activities of Neighborhood Diabetes including amortization on acquired intangibles. Sequentially the increase is primarily related to the ongoing FDA approval process, the additions to our commercial team, and timing of payroll related expenses. We reported an operating loss for the first quarter of $10.9 million compared to an operating loss of $7.3 million for the first quarter of last year. Our first quarter 2012 operating loss includes approximately $6.4 million of non-cash operating expenses comprised primarily of depreciation, amortization, and stock -based comp. Excluding these expenses, our cash operating loss for the quarter was about $4.5 million. We continue to believe we will be at or near operating cash breakeven in the back half of this year. As a reminder, we define operating cash breakeven as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and stock compensation expense. Net interest expense was $3.8 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared to $2.6 million in the first quarter of 2011. The increase is a result of the refinancing of our convertible debt last June. Of the $3.8 million in interest expense, approximately $2.5 million was non-cash. For the first quarter we reported a net loss of $14.8 million, or $0.31 per share, compared to a net loss of $9.8 million, or $0.22 per share for the first quarter of last year. As of March 31, cash and cash equivalents totaled $83 million, as compared to $94 million at December 31. We believe we have sufficient cash on hand to achieve operating profitability. And as of March 31, we had approximately 47.7 million common shares outstanding. Finally, we reaffirm our previous full year 2012 revenue guidance of $210 million to $225 million representing nearly 40% to 50% growth from 2011. We continue to expect an overall operating loss of $25 million to $35 million. For the second quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $50 million to $53 million. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Duane. We are exploring some different ways that the companies can work together. I mentioned earlier, now that we have the Neighborhood Diabetes subsidiary, it's a way to potentially be able to bring things to customers in a more efficient way. Early days, looking through some different ideas, but we're exploring them. We're always a little hockey-sticked in the third month of the quarter, just given part of it's a sales cycle where January and February every year is slow. Also, it is a normal habit of companies the last month of the quarter, the urgency maybe ratchets up a notch. And our reorder cycle works off of that, so the 40% or 45% is probably a good barometer to use. That said, when you get into Q2, Q3, or Q4 you don't have that same seasonality effect that you have in January and February. So from an initial shipment side, it is not as much of a hockey stick in the remaining quarters of the year. No, I would tell you -- the best way I can do is to give some -- I think within -- don't hold me to the exact -- but within 8, 10 days, you're getting the questions we responded to. To give you some indication more on the nature of them. Right? So there was no run in to a lab somewhere and doing some testing. We got the questions in, like I said, within 8, 10 days I think we responded. I'd just add to Duane's comments that I think both companies have looked at this as a winning product combination that we both want to move forward with. And one of the benefits that we have, is with the Neighborhood acquisition, which allows us a better opportunity to be able to serve customers in a more efficient manner. So those are some of the things we have worked through with the folks on the other side. It is the legacy on the Pod business growth, if you will; yes. We do have a sense -- I'm not sure we probably want to share it today. We have said in the past, at least on the blood glucose meter side, that over 90% of our users use the current meter that is integrated into the device, into the PDM, just because of the simplicity and the ease of having it at your fingertips in that one device. I would tell you that when you get into the few folks that are not using that meter, OneTouch is the largest meter of choice of the remaining group. And fair to say, again given our population, where a third of our patients are kids, DexCom is used pretty frequently and pretty prevalently across that group, but we probably would not have a percentage to share at this time. Bill, if said another way I don't think it's fair to assume at this point that we'll ultimately only wind up with one blood glucose meter partner. Right? So certainly, we're very excited to have LifeScan as a partner and effectively have that option, soon to be available for our customers. It doesn't necessarily mean that we're just going to wholeheartedly go from one to the next at this point. And just to clarify one thing on the financial side of it, you will start to see a little bit of uptick in inventory. The way inventory works, we effectively buy finished-in product from Flextronics. So ultimately, part of the service that Flextronics provides us in outsourcing our manufacturing capability to them, is that they are the ones effectively procuring raw materials. So we work very carefully and closely with them on the supply chain to make sure that they have appropriate amounts in hand, and suppliers have appropriate safety stocks within their businesses and the like, to make sure that we are good, because I think everyone gets this is a very important medical device product and nobody wants to run out. But within our balance sheet, when you actually look at it, just to be clear, it is effectively just finished good product.Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today on this conference call to discuss Grand Canyon's 2013 second quarter results. Speaking on today's call is our President and CEO, Brian Mueller, and our CFO, Dan Bachus. This call is scheduled to last one hour. During the Q&A period we will try to answer all of your questions, and we apologize in advance if there are questions that we are unable to address due to time constraints. We've reached the end of our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your time and interest in Grand Canyon. If you still have questions, please contact either Dan Bachus or Bill Jenkins. Thank you very much for your time.This is Brian. Let me just jump in on that second Verizon Wireless question. Even though technically they are two separate contracts, we have always believed that there is (inaudible) looking at it holistically and I think I stand by Neil's hope that, by the end of the third or early in the fourth quarter, we could get both transactions completed and continue with the rollout. I guess on a broader context on that last question, we don't really know, but it kind of seems like a bit of a laboratory and all along, when we showed our billion (inaudible) a second demo in Chicago, we were kind of hoping that there will be application to continue to need more and more broadband. That is a fundamentally really good thing for us. Obviously, there is going to be competition, but we have a great network that has tremendous flexibility and capacity to offer more speeds than we are offering today and we are constantly hoping that new applications and needs develop. And that will be a really I think positive development if we can help that happen and if Google can be part of making that happen. It is part of what I think they are doing, but I don't know for sure. Thanks, Marlene and good morning, everyone. I am here in London and this is indeed a most exciting time for all parts of the Company, Comcast and NBCUniversal and we are off to a fantastic start with the Olympics. At NBC, we are achieving record-breaking ratings and as you know, we have significantly expanded our coverage so viewers have more choices than ever to watch the Olympics across nine broadcast and cable channels on TV and online in English and in Spanish. If you are a Comcast Cable customer, we are making available every minute, every medal on every screen, really making TV Everywhere a reality for our customers, many for the first time. We are seeing record numbers on every channel, On Demand, on the Internet and on mobile. This reality is a huge technical undertaking and I have to say I am thrilled so far. I think we were pleased with the ARPU lift this quarter at 8%. I think as we -- it is too early to tell with the new products. They are just beginning to gain momentum; we are just beginning to market them. Home security we have got rolled out to 95% of the footprint, but it is in the very early days. Certainly that is the intent. We add more good products onto our network and build ARPU over time, but I think it is too early to tell right now.We have reached the end of our fourth-quarter conference call. We appreciate your time and interest in Grand Canyon Education. If you still have questions, please contact either Dan Bachus or Bill Jenkins. Thank you very much. Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today on this conference call to discuss Grand Canyon's 2012 fourth-quarter results. Speaking on today's call is our President and CEO, Brian Mueller, and our CFO, Dan Bachus. This call is scheduled to last one hour. During the Q&A period we will try to answer all of your questions. We apologize in advance if there are questions that we are unable to address due to time constraints. We would like to remind you that many of our comments today will contain forward-looking statements with respect to GCU's future performance that involve risks and uncertainties. Various factors could cause GCU's actual results to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors are discussed in GCU's SEC filings including our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, and our current reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. We recommend that all investors clearly review these reports before taking a financial position in GCU and we do not undertake any obligation to update anyone with regard to these forward-looking statements made during this conference call. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian. Operator, we will take one more call because we are past time. We will take one more.On to the other couple of questions. From a utilization rate, we ended 2005 with an average utilization of 64 for the full year. And I would certainly like to see us get a couple hundred basis points on top of that for 2006, and I think that is certainly achievable. On the FTE front, for Q2 we guided 1775 to 1825. Obviously, that includes (indiscernible) MBC. We had talked last call that for the full year we thought we would probably be in a net add base of somewhere between 200 and 250 FTEs. And I think that's still consistent, plus (indiscernible) MBC number on top of it. So, that would get you into the 350 to 400 range, or probably around 1850 to 1900 in total. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first-quarter conference call. I'm Brian Roberts, the Chief Financial Officer of Digitas, Inc. Joining me on the call today is David Kenny, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, which may involve risks or uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. For a discussion of these potential risks and uncertainties, please refer to the risk factors section listed in our SEC filings. They apply to our oral and written comments.  I'd also like to remind you that the guidance we are offering today represents a point-in-time estimate of our future performance. You'll find a link to the Webcast of this call, as well as to today's press release at www.Digitasinc.com, in the investors section. The press release includes a reconciliation of any non-GAAP measure we refer to on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. I'll begin the call by providing a recap of our performance in the first quarter 2006. David will then share his thoughts on the state of our business. I'll then give some details about our expectations for the second quarter and full year 2006. As always, there will be time for questions. To recap the first quarter, fee revenue for the quarter grew by 21% to 97.2 million versus 80.3 million for last year's first quarter. This is in line with our previously stated guidance of 95.5 to 99.5 million. Our fee revenue results include approximately 5.5 million of bonus revenue and two months of results related to the acquisition of Medical Broadcasting Company, MBC, which we acquired on January 31. Including a full three months of revenue for MBC in both the first quarter of this year and last, our organic fee revenue growth was 16%. Total revenue, which includes reimbursable expenses, was 175.4 million in the quarter, as compared to 137.8 million in the first quarter of 2005. Adjusted cash earnings, which excludes from GAAP earnings the amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation, restructuring activities, and changes in accounting principle using the Company's actual cash tax provision, were 16.8 million, or $0.17 per share for the first quarter of 2006. We reported adjusted cash earnings of 11.1 million, or $0.12 per share, in the first quarter of 2005. Effective January 1, we adopted FAS 123R, which requires the expensing of stock options. As part of the adoption we were required to recognize approximately $500,000 of net income as a change in accounting principle. This onetime benefit is included in our net income for the quarter and our earnings per share in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Our net income for the quarter was 14.5 million, or $0.15 per share, as compared to net income of 10.4 million, or $0.11 per share for the first quarter of 2005. Cash and short-term investments at March 31 were 182.8 million, versus 217.3 million at December 31. The decline is due in part to the payment of 20.5 million related to the acquisition of MBC, the payment of annual bonuses in March, and the repurchase of 730,845 shares of stock through our open market buyback program for $10 million, or at an average per share price of $13.68 during the quarter. Finally, days sales outstanding were 22 days for the quarter, as compared to 11 days in the quarter ended December 31. With that, let me turn it over to David. Keep in mind, last year there was a piece probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 600 to a million of the 2005 bonus number, which was also AT&T, related to the legacy AT&T business that was in 2004. So, really there's an AT&T component and a GM component that disappeared. But David is right; the 5.5 million of bonus revenue for Q1, and the 2 million that is effectively already in the door here in the Q2, is all American Express related. Let me take the number component first, and then David can answer your second question. On the numbers side, you're right; it's an actual number, so it includes two months worth of Medical Broadcasting Company. We were 13% this quarter. So if you added another month to it, it would probably go up a couple of points. But I don't think it would get all the way to 20. And David is going to talk about (inaudible) It's really a combination of a few things. Typically in Q1, as companies are establishing their budgets and we're getting purchase orders or statements of work signed, receivables do pick up. And if you look at the balance sheet, you'll see that our unbilled receivables are a little higher at the end of Q1 than they were in Q4. And if you look back at last year, it would be the exact same trend. But also in the quarter, the major things were the payment of bonuses, which happened in March; last year that took place in April. And also the acquisition of MBC, which was a $20.5 million cash payment. I don't really think it was anything from a pricing perspective in Q1. I think it was more of just a mix issue of the work we do, plus just leverage of more junior talent. On a net basis, the building we're in here is a little bit more expensive than just from a space -- just the amount of space (indiscernible) from where we were. It's basically kind of 2 to $3 million. We started taking that double rent expense last year in March. So, it's kind of a March through November effect. And so it's a little bit of Q1 '05 and, obviously, it's not in Q1 '06. No. Last year -- so let me break it out. Last year in Q1 we had 4 million of bonus revenue, so -- and this year we had 5.5, so we are actually a little up. All of the bonus revenue in Q1 of last year was from GM and AT&T; so 3.5 from GM and the other half from AT&T. In Q2 of last year, we had 6 million of bonus revenue, of which 5.5 of that was American Express and the other 500,000 was predominantly AT&T and [other small things]. So here in 2006, we've got the 5.5 in Q1 and then 2 million in Q2. Thank you, David. For the second quarter of 2006, we expect fee revenue of 100 to 103 million. Included in this fee revenue range is an estimate of approximately 2 million of bonus revenue, which was recognized this month. We expect earnings per share in accordance with GAAP of $0.12 to $0.14, and we expect adjusted earnings per share using the Company's actual cash tax provision of $0.15 to $0.17. For the full year 2006, our guidance remains unchanged, as we expect fee revenue of 405 to 427 million, earnings per share in accordance with GAAP of $0.46 to $0.56, and adjusted earnings per share using the Company's actual cash tax provision of $0.61 to $0.71. The other key metrics for the first quarter are located in the investors section of Digitasinc.com. However, let me provide you some expectations for a couple of key metrics for Q2. We expect net utilization of approximately 65 to 66%, average billable FTEs of approximately 1775 to 1825, and voluntary attrition of approximately 15 to 18%. With that, we welcome your questions. Operator, please open the lines. High single digits. 3.5 million was the bonus from GM. Effectively, American Express bonus grew from 5.5 to 7.5. AT&T and GM's went away. So, on an overall basis, we're down from 10 to about 7.5, and obviously it's on a bigger revenue base. So as a percent it's a little bit lower. No, I don't think so. I think -- like I said, I thin it was really predominantly just really around mix and leverage of people. The rate, and as you guys have probably seen over the course of the last couple of years, has bounced around a little bit. And I think as we continue to add more juniors in, the rate where it is today will probably just stick right around there. The actual depreciation was 2.7 million. And you are correct; similar to Modem, we still (indiscernible) pretty much what (indiscernible) service company acquisitions is really the client base and people. So, there is a value ascribed to the customer asset which will be amortized. In MBC's case, it's, I believe, an $11 million asset which will be amortized over seven years; so, 1.1 one million, 1.2 per year on an annual basis. And that's similar to the customer asset for Modem that we're amortizing over 10 years, which is 2.8 million a year. And the rest of it pretty much winds up in goodwill. They have some [success] that's in the form of leasehold improvements, computer, furniture, those things. But it's pretty minimal. I would say that when we build in guidance -- and as we've talked about, in a typical year, north of 90% of revenue comes from (indiscernible) the existing client base. So, I would say that we certainly plan for (indiscernible) of events like the Procter & Gamble; we certainly knew about Gillette being acquired; we knew, obviously, about AT&T (indiscernible) for '06. So, I do think they went into our thinking for the guidance range for the full year. In thinking about MBC's contribution, like Modem, really as these businesses become more and more integrated, we really look at them much more as a whole. But I would say that if you go back and look at the guidance we had given originally on the Q4 call, and then what we had updated for -- on January 31st (indiscernible) the acquisition, they pretty much hit our expectations. So I think you could probably assume a number from that. And I'm sorry; what was the third one? On the stock comp side, keep in mind what we did last year is we moved to restricted stock as the equity portion of executive comp. That's -- basically our first year of that was last year, and you're seeing the vesting of that come through right now. Our second year of it is this year, and those grants have been effective April 1, so there will be a pickup in Q2. (indiscernible) I'd say it's still pretty accurate; 2Q through Q4 is probably in the 2.5 to $3 million per quarter range.Thank you Michael, and thank you to all the presenters. We're now going to come to our favorite part and really the most important part, which is what's on all of your minds that we may or may not have gone into enough detail. But, I just want to do two things before we kick off the Q&A. First of all, I'd like to thank Marlene Dooner. Where did Marlene get to? There she is, ducking down, always the wrong moment. We're very proud of a lot of people at Comcast. But, Marlene and to your team, when you get recognized by your -- by this group through Institutional Investor as one of the most investor-friendly companies, I think that's one of the things we have to keep for many, many years. So congratulations, and thank you. And it -- and we really are a team, so I'd like to ask everybody from Comcast, whether you spoke or not, if you would just stand for one moment so as we're leaving, some of the investors can see some of the other folks that are part of the Comcast team up top and on the sides. We made up half the room. That way, it made it look like it was full. Thank you, all. Ralph [Slaughter]. John, where are you when you need times like that? You know, I think we've -- today, we haven't yet figured out the compelling reason that wireless is part of that play, other than it sounds like it -- it would sound nice. We are going to work with Sprint. We are going to -- that is the plan of record. We have a couple of markets we're testing it. Other MSOs are rolling it out. We are planning to get ready to roll it out more over 2008. We have our own spectrum for future -- much, much data rich applications. We've said repeatedly, we're not interested in a voice network. That's not something that's slowing down CDV, as you can clearly see. And so today, and as far as we can see, we're very, very content with this network. And we're going to work with wireless, and we're going to work with Sprint. But, we don't see it as something the consumers must have. Part of the reason for that is a simple reality that you can go to 20,000 retail locations and pick up a wireless device. I think wireless is changing pretty fast also. And one will see how it -- where it goes in the future. When we just -- I talked on the earnings call about our trip to Asia and looking at all the wireless devices, the broadcasters started to get into it and actually put it out there for free, a lot of video. Let me make one point and then kick it over to Steve. One of the things that I thought came -- was great in the last earnings call, there's a number you don't see so broken out that it's not considered an RGU, which is all the high-def DVR customers who are already digital who, as Dave Scott said, take that extra $10 product. We are seeing a surge in this country of high-definition television, finally reaching some form of take-off. And I think with 2009 looming, you're going to see more and more of that. Having just seen all the TV companies, their products and their prices are coming down, down, down. And half the TVs in America thank you are going to be 50 inches or bigger that are sold. And more -- they don't make standard TVs any more. It's all some form of -- almost or the majority are going to be high-def, display devices. Sony told us that they believe 50% of the people who come home with a high-def set don't connect to high-def. They think they have high-def, because it's so good. And they don't even have the real high-def. So you're -- we're seeing a lot of people actually begin to go out and get those other boxes and pay us money, and it doesn't count as an RGU. That's part of the whole RGU CapEx thing. And on the other hand, we do have a lot of people who are taking this enhanced digital who are paying us virtually -- paying us the pay-per-view [rabonelle], if you will. And we're creating the platform to up sell them. But, specifically to your question -- so the two have netted out. And our RGU -- our revenue per digital, all of that put together, went up. And so, if -- they have $17 average, or whatever the exact number was, it went up here over a year. So, I think still a very exciting track even as we're increasing the digital penetration. Steve? Thank you, Dave. It's sort of bitter sweet to think that John Alchin, the next time we get together, will be sitting in the upper bleacher with Larry Smith, which is where I'm sure John would be happy to go right now. When I think how well Comcast has been able to consistently work with all of you, have an intimate relationship I think with so many different investors with so many different philosophies over so many years, he's certainly not going anywhere, it's only May. But we thought that today being the last time this year we're going to gather as a group like this that it would be me appropriate for me just to say to you, John, thank you for 18 incredible years of professionalism, class and great numbers. John Alchin. Hang on one sec. I think for Internet purposes, we're going to prefer the mics. We've got a bunch of them around the room. Thanks. The answer is, it should cause the prices to drop. But, we have a cable card rule from the FCC that is going to add cost to every set-top box on a go-forward basis. And I think our view is that in 2008, it sort of nets out to being a slight baddy in the short run. But, the capability of the RNG in almost every category is more than its predecessor box. So, in some respects, we're not making an apple-to-apple box. That was part of the waiver request was to continue with a low-end device at a low-end price. But, the first RNG 100 had significant more horsepower than its predecessor, the DCT, whatever series the DCT's at. And let me just say, we're going to do one more question, if I could. Couldn't hear the last part. Wireless what, own your own network or --? Oh, here comes Ralph. I agree. Thank you, all.He can keep the hair long, as long as he keeps throwing touchdown passes. Just as a reminder, the Ypsomed relationship is a five-year relationship from the point effectively of launch and if -- the guaranteed minimums when you add up those five years together are over $100 million now it's clearly back ended. I've said to, probably, many of you on the phone before. If you go and take a look at how this business in the US has ramped over the last handful of years, you can start to get a sense of what, this partnership with Ypsomed can do as well just adjusting for overall population differences from the markets they're in versus the United States. Yes. There's a couple of components to that, Rick to think about. One is, as Bill mentioned in his question before, the margin profile for the current gen Pod is really probably low to mid-50s. Given that we're really not investing heavily in trying to take more cost out of that product, at this point. Also, the Ypsomed relationship will certainly kick up a little bit as far as their revenue level in 2011, and just for -- to remind everyone, the way that we structured that deal was such that they're an entire commercial organization, from the sales and marketing all the way through fulfillment and reimbursement. We're taking less on the top line and therefore reduced gross margin on that relationship to be able to gain a better operating margin. The nice part about that deal for us, is that really right from the beginning here we're generating north of 20% operating margins on every shipment we do for Ypsomed. So, at the trade that I'm -- I'll gladly make. So, long story short, when you add in that little bit of color, I think our expectations are, is that gross margin improvement in the first couple of quarters next year will probably be modest as we look towards transitioning to the next Gen Pod and depending exactly how much Ypsomed purchases. You know, a little bit, but nothing, again, I would say is material. I think $600 is a pretty safe number still to use from a modeling side. Thank you, Duane As Duane noted we're pleased with our third quarter performance as Insulet again delivered a quarter in line with expectations. For the quarter, revenue increased by 36% year-over-year to $25.5 million compared to $18.7 million in the third quarter of 2009, and grew 11% sequentially from $22.9 million in the second quarter of 2010. Gross profit for the quarter doubled to $11.6 million or 46% of revenue, compared to a gross profit of $5.8 million or 31% of revenue in the third quarter of last year. Gross margins increased by 3 percentage points sequentially from the second quarter and we remain on track to reach 50% by the end of the year. Operating expenses for the quarter were $19.9 million compared to $19.3 million in the third quarter of 2009, and $19.8 million in the prior quarter. We expect operating expenses to remain at about this level for Q4, as we continue the regulatory efforts related to the next generation OmniPod and finish work with Ypsomed to successfully launch the next five European countries. We reported an operating loss for the third quarter of 2010 of $8.3 million, compared to an operating loss of $13.5 million for the third quarter of 2009, representing a 39% year-over-year improvement. These financial results of 36% increase in revenue, 100% increase in gross profit and a 25 percentage point drop in operating expenses as a percent of revenue, as compared to the third quarter of last year, demonstrate the leverage that exists in our financial model, as we grow the customer base, open new markets, and expand margins. We reported a net loss for the quarter of $12.1 million or $0.30 cents per share, compared to net loss of $16.9 million or $0.60 cents per share for the third quarter of last year. As of September 30, 2010, cash and cash equivalence totaled $103.9 million as compared to $128 million at December 31, 2009. In October, the remaining $1.6 million of warrants issued with the facility agreement between Insulet and Deerfield Management Company were exercised resulting in the Company receiving approximately $5 million in cash proceeds. Including the exercise of these warrants, we will have about 41.8 million common shares outstanding. Finally, turning to guidance, we're tightening our ranges to reflect the final quarter of 2010. For the full year 2010, we expect revenue to be in the range of $95 million to $98 million, and expect our 2010 operating loss to be between $35 million and $38 million. With that, let me turn the call back over to Duane. Sure. No, and if you just look at the natural progression growth in the business that we didn't think going from a $25.5 million Q3 to north of $30 million, or whatever, exactly that would have to work out to be was probably completely realistic. Could be if ultimately if submitted decide, for example, to purchase more product in Q4 versus the early part of 2011. But we certainly didn't think that was likely, it's really just, like I said, the natural progression of the business, as we build guidance, we've talked about our highest degree of confidence as to the midpoint of the range. That's really how we target it throughout the course of the year. And with just one quarter left we felt it appropriate just to tighten both sides of the range to reflect what we think Q4 would look like. Hello, Jose. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2010 conference call. I'm Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the Securities Laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements, contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, and are making this statements for purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that can cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the Company's potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the Company's press release, issued earlier today and in the risk factors section of the Company's SEC filings including the Company's Form 10-K-A for the year ended December 31, 2009. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I'd also like to remind you that the guidance we're offering today represents a point in time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of this call, as well as to today's press release at myomnipod.com in the investor's section. And now, I'll turn the call over to Duane. Sure, I'm happy to. If you think about our business, we typically see that, come around Thanksgiving here, so, we're nearing at Thanksgiving starts, what I'd call, the slightly slower period for us. Because, again, when you get folks that are in the holiday period, probably one of the last things they want to be doing is trying to be trained on a brand new insulin pump, right? From the Thanksgiving timeline through Valentine's day is, what I'd say, is our seasonally slow period. And, if you look back over the last couple of year now, the data would suggest that sequentially it's relatively modest growth from Q4 to Q1. A lot of that is because people who do purchase the product in Q4 are probably primarily doing that for insurance purposes, but they don't have an interest in getting trained until some time during the first quarter. Because of that, they miss that reorder, right? So typically, you have that nice kind of sequential growth of people who purchased in Q3, for example, reordering in Q4 and then so on. Lot of Q4 purchases skip Q1 reorders and wait till Q2. So, I would expect there's nothing really in my mind that would change that dynamic from what we've seen the last couple of years now. Again, I think as we just continue to forecast, now, I don't want to get in to 2011 guidance, yet. But, just as we continue to think about the ramp of the business. We look at a low to mid-50s kind of margins profiled for the current Pod. So, that's an all in gross margin. But, as you're well aware, when you're doing 4 million Pod's and some number much smaller, PDM's, call it 10,000; 12,000; 13,000 PDM's, it's the Pod driving the bus. So, the margin of the Pod ultimately drives the margin of the business. No. Still confident that this is going to be about a third reduction in cost of goods sold for us. Mainly driven by all the very positive changes that we've made in the bill of materials. And Greg, I'd add one of the things here hopefully, as DexCom talked about on their call last week, they obviously have another combo device they're working on. And they're going to go through some of the pre-IDE process and other things that we've been going through with our current -- our next generation Pod, certainly we'll be able to learn a little bit from that. So, that's part of it. Thanks again, everyone, for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you on our progress. And take care. Yes, again, I think we've done a pretty good job of trying to be bale to maintain our operating expenses in this range now, for quite awhile, and we're certainly focused on continuing to do that. We're knee deep, obviously, in our 2011 planning process right now. But I do think that the incremental -- for the next couple of quarters, at least, is going to be focused mainly around the regulatory efforts which would wind up in the R&D line, some of the Ypsomed stuff winds up in the G&A line which is where I can see a little bit of uptick there this quarter. Hello, Derek. Mimi, I don't think we're going to probably go into the detail of it. I think overall a pretty good sequential growth, given -- you can look at things like the revenue and other things to probably try to ballpark it. Sure, overall we've gone from, $10.1 million of inventory to about $13 million, in total dollar value of that. There's a couple of components. One is PDM build up, for the Ypsomed folks, and making sure we had enough of PDM's on hand, we're carrying right now about month and a half worth of inventory of Pods, which feels pretty good for us. We do think that over the coming couple quarters it will make sense for us to probably build that inventory up a little bit and then start building up the new Pod inventory, once that line's ready, so that we're able to carefully manage the transition once the new Pod is approved. Yes. Everything pretty much the same as where we've been. Attrition remains under 10%, we're very pleased with that, given the overall economic climate that still exists out there. And no real change with ASPs, we're still at basically $28 per Pod. The one thing that I would add as well is, when we, took a look at the response, for example, about the combo product that we received with the DexCom Insulet combo product, the types of things that they were asking for us to do are the types of things that they had been talking about with us now, proactively for the last few months and are things we've either already completed or just about finished. And so, the types of testing we've been talking about for the last couple calls around stability testing and extractables. We talked last quarter that we'd done some animal testing. Those types of things are really what was in the request, which gave us a lot more confidence that the feedback that we've received will help us be able to put together a very robust submission. As we've discussed, really Insulet -- I'm sorry,Ypsomed is in the beginning stages of their rollout. You know, we're very pleased with how they've done so far in Germany and the UK. But, international revenue for 2010, including Q3 is pretty immaterial. No. We've had three very good quarters in a row. We think that the fouth quarter will be another strong one. We're obviously into the beginning of November, here, and we've had a good first 40 days. Yes, what it will ultimately probably translate to in our world is when you look at our operating expenses in the beginning part of 2011. My guess is we're hanging around in the last two quarters, in the high s$19 million, as we work through some of these, probably a pretty safe range to assume for the beginning part of next year is that we're kind of stay in that $19.5 million to $20 million range for the first part of next year. Hello Suraj.That's correct. I never understood people saying they felt they needed to do it when we had just tripled down and bought AT&T, that was (indiscernible) landslide. We took on $30 million of total debt. We (indiscernible) on a cable company when they were losing half a million customers in a year and we've been able to turn that around to the story you just heard where last year we did 12% revenue growth, 15% cash flow growth, we got $2.6 billion of free cash flow, we bought back 10% of our stock. And now this year we're saying we can do 12% revenue growth, 14% cash flow growth and sell 7 million new products and keep it going and begin to build a small- and medium-size business to do triple play for pizza parlors like we're doing it for houses where they're not getting those services. It's never been a better time. I'd like to address that and first of all, at Comcast I'm pleased to say we've done 600 retrans deals, we're very close to doing another few deals that people will hear about shortly I hope. And the model that we have always had is that we will be happy to sit down with reasonable folks and talk about some sort of cooperative deal where a comparable value gets exchanged or approximately comparable value gets exchanged. We are not interested and will not pay cash for retrans as a flat out if that's all you do. And I don't think anything has changed. I chuckle that perhaps there's other business motivations going on, why suddenly it's being talked about by a big broadcaster. In our case, of the four largest retrans deals we have, the earliest expiration is almost five years from now, but most go beyond 6 or 7 years. This is not a conversation we're having anytime soon. With the pure independent smaller folks we believe we're going to be able to have a -- something other than just pay and get retrans (indiscernible). We are going to help market each other's businesses and there's going to be a win-win outcome that will not require us to raise consumers' rates or charge the consumer for free TV. That line is drawn, that's not changing, I don't anticipate that changing anytime soon. (multiple speakers) Last year was an investment year, E! Entertainment with Ryan Seacrest, the Academy Awards was off the charts, the biggest year we ever had. The Golf Channel is off to an incredible start with every Thursday Friday with 15 years of PGA rights, the max play was like 50% more than when it was on ESPN. And VERSUS with NHL has increased its distribution 10 million. So Comcast SportsNet -- we think it's all integral to cable. A lot of what those channels are trying to do is also work with the cable with ON DEMAND and have one company functioning together and we're doing that. But it's not something we talk about. I think triple play, there are a variety of things that are good, better, best. And again, we underestimated them; one of which is, okay, the first thing is it's people who have all three are stickier than people who have one are two. That sounds pretty logical that that happened. Another thing that's happening is we have I think done a terrific job in advertising because the substance of what we have is better, so we have to convey that to the consumer. We now have 8,000 shows ON DEMAND on VOD; we have a faster high-speed Internet; we have more high-def TV, but it's expensive. No one said cable was the cheapest -- even though the average satellite bill is higher than the average cable bill. People are always kind of amazed, it really hasn't been that kind of price war. But the perception is you can get a dish for $29 or a dish for free. So triple play has allowed us to do a little bit of the Nirvana of come home with a whole lot of shopping bags and say look how much money I saved. And the fact is that as we have an entry price that allows us to discount, but you really pay me more to get the discount. You feel better and we take in more cash flow. Same store sales, fit, rate, consumption -- however you want to look at it -- has gone up 30 to 40%. YouTube is 2 or 3 or 4% of -- all the bips we did last month for YouTube that didn't exist 18 months ago. But YouTube works better in Comcast than it does in some DSL consumers have figured that out -- their one year anniversary of a cheap deal. So DSL is the new dialup. It's how quick can I get high speed Internet. So what shocked me, and I'll throw out that your basic is a great thing. If you had said in your seventh year of selling cable modems you would sell more modems in '06 than you did in '05 and actually think that you're going to sell more in '07. You would say how is that possible? And that's what's happening and our revenue has held at 41 (multiple speakers). It's less. Let's have a show of hands just to make this an interactive modern panel. How many people think that's going to happen? We don't have a two-way network (multiple speakers). How many people think that one of the [sells] buys a satellite company? Okay, for the record about a third of the hands went up in the room. So my sense is it's a distinct possibility, but it's hard to speculate on oh maybe. There are pros and cons, but net net I think it continues to say that we have a superior network. We are using our two-way technologies to try to create features for the consumer that they can actually feel and use. So for instance, we have 8,000 ON DEMAND shows. We now have Desperate Housewives for free, we have Lost for free, we have CSI, we have all of NBC. We now have two markets with day and date of seven major movie studios, the day they put it out to Blockbuster, it's on Comcast. I hadn't thought about it, John. We've never been probably the most creative at financial engineering like some of our peers. Maybe we have some investment banking services from Bear Stearns. But we made it last year we -- The problem is you're got to come back in 2012 to watch that show. Absolutely. If anything we could be criticized for having guessed wrong how much consumers love triple play. And if I were here with one message today, through January and February, we are out of the blocks fast. And we feel better about our guidance that we issued 60 days ago than we do -- we did then, right now. 75% of our capital spending this year 2007 is success based capital, meaning people are going to subscribe to a new product. We have to go to their house, hook up with either a phone, an Internet or a digital. And then it's a recurring revenue, as you know, going back to my dad's theory of the whole company, which is why I got out of sales but got into cable, was it's a recurring revenue. So we can have a onetime capital spend, 75% of which of our entire capital budget is RGU growth. We went 3 million RGUs, revenue generating units, two years ago, 5 million last year, and basically we've given guidance for 7 million this year. The print says 6.5 because we plan to decommission 500,000 circuit switch phones. So you go 3, 5, 7. Just to do the work is what's taxing the Company. We have 24 million video customers, 7 million new products getting sold to the base, almost 30% in one year. The IRR on that capital, we believe, is 25 to 30% or better, hence how long you estimate the customers will stay with us. So we have this fantastic place to put our money. And, if and when the bells ever get here, really, really we will have gotten there first. So it's strategically great, it pays for itself better than any investment we could make, it's accelerated our revenue -- for six straight quarters our revenue has increased. We gave 12% revenue growth guidance, 14% cash flow as a floor, both of those statistics, with 7 million gross RGUs. Well, one thing we can't and won't surrender is technological superiority worst-case equivalents, and then it comes down to who can service you and who gets there first. Don't underestimate who gets there first, first mover advantage. And that goes back to the first conversation about why are we stepping on a pedal. It feels right, it's happening, it's working and I think we're going to look back and say cable was able to run the table before there was any pushback. Here's the anecdote -- I wouldn't draw mega conclusions, but this was -- one of our most Fios-centric areas is obviously the East Coast, Philadelphia to Washington, New Jersey, Baltimore. In the month of January I believe we added 50,000 phones and they got 1,000 Fios TVs. One of the companies that's here today is PBS and (indiscernible). We did a partnership with Sprout called Sprout. We had 14 million Sprout ON DEMAND sessions last month I believe was the stat, bigger than Nickelodeon or Disney. It's a totally new platform. Get Sprout on satellite, you can't do that. 14 million parents clicked and started a preschool show for their kids -- how do you measure the value of that? Our view is we're going to do just fine. And if you sit here and take their own projections, we can't stop what they're going to do. We wish them success or whatever in a way. But we can go about our business with a focus and a determination and that's what we're doing. And what we've been able to say is take their model, they're only building Fios to certain neighborhoods. They are then going to get -- they say 20%, I don't necessarily think the fourth or fifth video can get 20% as easily as the second video could get 20%. But if they did it, and they have their 20%, and then let's say a half to two-thirds comes out of our pie, then the other half to one-third comes out of satellite, it works out over five years, which is what your model says, that it would cost us between 500,000 and 650,000 video subs. We sold 500,000 phone subs last quarter. And we're accelerating from there over the next several years. And not to mention 500,000 data, 500,000 digital and some basics. So I think there's room for both. Do I like it? No. But can I do anything about it? No. Do I think it makes economic sense? I'm not sure personally. I take one degree of comfort on the whole wireless wired question that someone with all the knowledge of Verizon Wireless thinks that the consumption issue that you talked about earlier is going to be so great in the home, but they're not planning to just roll Verizon Wireless into your house that they think they need something other than Alexander Graham Bell's wire. Now whether it's fiber optics to your home, we don't quite believe that. We think we can do with DOCSIS 3.0 100 megabits of speed, we will use all of four TV channels to do that. If the day comes that we need to have 1 billion bits a second and we need 20 TV channels, we're going to have that because we're doing a digital transition in the Company to get back the 80 channels of analog TV, we're now up to 50% digital, we will get to 80% digital and someday we will have 100% digital and then we reclaim some if not all of those 80 analog channels. If we therefore needed 1 billion bits a second in your house bidirectional we could do that. In the Verizon footprint -- that is this person's operating division. This was just one operator's point of view and it could change and (multiple speakers). Understood. We'll give you a nonanswer. Exactly. Disney had this horrible investment banker, too bad I can't remember who it was, that wouldn't talk to us, at $23 a share and thought that we were trying to steal the Company. And I guess the stock is at 31 or 32 and maybe you were right. (multiple speakers) I think we tried to articulate then and I would certainly articulate now and even more so now with ON DEMAND having happened, I think Bob is doing a super job and we're thrilled with our new agreement and access to the content. The world's gone personalization, that's what we really believed in. We don't feel the need to do anything. We think we should be opportunistic and try to get great return for our shareholders. We have a long track record of doing that. There's nothing (multiple speakers) And that's why EBITDA grows. I think you have to keep your eye on EBITDA. So you have -- last year we had 15% cash flow growth same-store sales, that's extraordinary for a company I think with $25 billion in revenue. And in the year it went like 10, 12, 14, 17 to average out -- I may have that slightly off. And we said this year it will be at least 14. This is all the while we've hired 6,000 new people to hook up 5 million new products and we're going to hire 6,000 more new people to do it again. And as you know, we've also said we have our eye on another business, which is to take this same infrastructure and roll it right into small and medium-sized businesses. So we've put $250 million in capital this year '07 to get the plan ready and extend the plan, begin the process to go into another business that's 25% IRRs which is SMEs where we think we can have 2 to $2.5 billion of revenues in five years or less by doing triple play to small businesses defined as 10 lines or less. So we are experiencing a renaissance of growth that in 20 years I don't think we had a more important year than 2006. You know, I don't know that I have a perfect answer. I think on the margins the pie must be expanding. I think the satellite companies have gotten very good at tipping on cable operators who don't have triple play and who don't do a good job. And I think that we have more homes under construction and everything else. But I will tell you you're absolutely right -- for six straight quarters our basic subscribers have grown over their year ahead (indiscernible). And I can tell you through the first two months we're off to a great start on every metric including basic. I'll give you another interesting thing that triple play is doing. I think our high speed data product, which may be the most profitable business we're in, has undisputed leadership in speed, but it was more expensive. And for years, the Company's conferences and people said when are you going to cut your costs. Well, we added 52% -- according to a third party source in last quarter of our net adds came from DSL, up from 30 some percent the quarter before. People are now able to go on and get the BMW but think we'll actually pay less without us having to cut our price. Head to head with Fios. It's a little early (multiple speakers). First, I have to just comment that I don't think they're going to have a triple play except in a very small pocket of probably difficult to justify economic construction that is not ubiquitous. So they don't have a proposition to go out, they will enter anywhere in XYZ phone company's territory, you can get triple play that has 8,000 shows ON DEMAND and growing. So that you have our Internet speed. So you're making a huge leap to start so I've got to just say I don't agree with that. But let's move on and say, okay, whatever their bundle is they're going to have wireless, what's your view on wireless? I want to restate that we do not envision having to go out and make a large wireless acquisition to solve a problem that we don't see. We are delighted to be working with Sprint to try to see if we can have three by two or four products or whatever people want to call it in a way that would give consumers a triple play-like value. But it's so different, and part of my personal view of underestimating how powerful triple play has been is the value, but also the one-stop shopping. And that you don't want to make too many judgments or personal anecdotes (indiscernible) daughter lost her cell phone recently, over Christmas, which was a thing unto itself. And then you've got to figure out how to replace it. And you can go anywhere you want. There are more cell phone outlets than there are McDonalds, quite a lot. And you just walk into any mall and 20 minutes later I walked out with a cell phone with the same number and she's back in business. That's so different, you can't do that for what we're talking about. Today you have to say, okay, well we'll go -- functionality of wireless somehow integrates the experience that I need Verizon television to give me Verizon Wireless or AT&T or Comcast -- see, it doesn't work. I don't want your high-def and your ON DEMAND anymore because I can't get it on a cell phone. That's a good point, Alex. So when we bought AT&T, and some investors could care less about history, but I think you've been doing this a long time, I've been doing this a long time, I think it is good to put it in historical context. We were $2 billion negative of free cash flow, we got it to zero pretty quickly. Now we're $2.6 billion to the good and we thought we would grow that north of 20% a year. What happened was we underestimated, as I said a second ago, how many people want triple play and how fast they want it and how great. And this is like coming to Palm Beach and going shopping and coming home and saying what a deal. So consumers are saying, okay, I love the $99 triple play, but what they're doing is spending $120 to $130 on average because they feel so good about the power of the bundle and the convenience of the one bill and the one phone call to have you show up at my house. And so we are thrilled with how many people want to buy it. So we were faced with a decision when we did the budget -- okay, do we want to make free cash flow go to $3 billion or do we want to start now and have it go much higher a couple years down the road. And the only reason I wouldn't guarantee you that in '08, oh, it will pop again, free cash flow -- is I have a feeling that the competition won't be as great as people are predicting, as fast as people are predicting, and we're going to sell even more products for the next several years because the 3 to 5 to 7, it's hard to see that it peaks. And if I look at Cablevision's results this quarter, they've been way ahead of us. We're all of 5% phone penetrated today, we're at 25% data and 50% video -- digital video, we think we have a long sustainable -- Thanks. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. So we've had something like 30% growth in VOD revenue. More than 20% were eight quarters in a row. We're at $600 million plus in VOD revenue. It works in our numbers. Would I love day and date to be a great new revenue? I'm not going to sit here and say it won't be, but I'm going to tell you that that's not why we want it. We created a new platform with ON DEMAND that takes advantage of two-way, and it's partially quality and it's partially quantity. But when you add it together we did 1.9 billion half-hour average television shows in our ON DEMAND 12 million homes. We had 27 views per month average. That used to be 10. We are changing the behavior of those homes, those customers churn less. Satellite can't do it. Now we get the high-def. With all due respect to our friend -- let's say Court TV, just to pick one name, what's more important? To have the 30th network, Court TV, in high-def this year or 100 movies ON DEMAND in high-def, and then to double that and then double it again? And our strategy will be to launch Court TV in high-def when we have capacity and we can get switched video and when the consumer really says there's something there in high-def that I enjoy. But in the meantime, the way we're going to have a superior high-def platform is to say you can get a day and date movie in high-def, and you can get it, or you can have 200 movies in high-def, those are channels, plus our 30 high-def channels. So we have 230 high-def offerings. Someone might have 50 channels or 75 channels -- I don't think there's any question we're going to use the two-way network to be superior to satellite whether they're owned by a Bell or not. So I think we're further from having to worry about a core attack to your cable business, which is where you start, well that's why you need wireless, to is there a positive opportunity? Is there a quad play that we can make money on? Is there some new incremental feature that helps you? It's not clear you're not going to dock your wireless device into your cable box and take it with you.I think it is on. It was just I hadn't introduced this item. I just wanted to get the record proper. Thank you, Ms. Davis. Next is a shareholder proposal requesting the Board to take the steps that may be necessary to obtain a shareholder approval of certain future death benefit arrangements. Do we have a motion from a duly-authorized representative of the AFL-CIO Reserve Fund to approve the proposal? Sir? That's an interesting question. David? Mr. Cohen? We need terms. Tell us about your situation, if you would. At this time, I'd like to open the floor for any other questions on any subject relating to the Company. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. Okay. Well, first of all, I think as a legal matter it's an advisory vote so that the Board would retain whatever the arrangement was with the particular employee. However, it raises part of the troubling aspects of whether your own personal view as a shareholder or how you think capitalism functions in American business and the world economy. Should the Board of Directors establish those principles and be elected by the shareholders or should the shareholders pick specific issues where they would have the authority to technically manage the Company? And I think that's a philosophical question. Our view is that's the job of the Board of Directors to govern a corporation and be elected by the shareholders. That's worked well for America for a long time. I'm personally not in favor of seeing it radically changed, but we need to understand the realities of the investors, the American public, and the world economy and these discussions are ongoing. I'm not sure our corporation needs to do something different than what the SEC rules -- asks us to do and how the rules are governed today, so that's why we are against this proposal. Sir? I don't believe so. The FCC, we welcome an opportunity with the new administration and a new potential chairman of the FCC, which is currently under the review process that the administration goes through, so it's not yet been confirmed. So it's probably too soon for me to have a point of view, except that there is an awful lot of problems plaguing the financial system and the country economically. And so right now it seems like a lot of the energy is focused on the housing crisis and the healthcare and other [industries] and obviously financial, and not so much on the media space, which we are waiting for a new chairman of the FCC to be confirmed. Could you identify yourself, sir? We appreciate that, and we'll look at your suggestion. Thank you. Our second order of business will be the proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte and Touche LLP as the Company's independent auditors for the 2009 fiscal year. Is there a motion to approve this proposal? Thank you, John. Thank you, sir. Well --. Thank you. Sir? Thank you. Hang on one second, if I might, just to get this proper. I'd like to go to the final order of business, which is the shareholder proposal requesting the Board to adopt a recapitalization plan, to provide for each share of stock to have one vote per share. Do we have a motion from a member of the Communications Workers? Thank you. Okay. Our third order of business will be the proposal to approve our 2002 employee stock purchase plan as amended and restated. Is there a motion to approve this proposal? Any discussion of this matter? David, please. Good morning. Thank you, sir. Just to comment on both of the presentations, we may agree to disagree. Comcast has many stocks out there people can buy. Every shareholder who has ever invested in Comcast has known about the structure. As you saw in the presentation earlier, we're very proud of the fact that over almost coming up on 40 years as a public company we have consistently more than doubled the S&P 500. For our company, it has worked well, but thank you for your comments. Mr. Block? I'm not sure I understand that question. I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you. Thank you, sir. Next is a shareholder proposal requesting the Board to require an advisory vote on executive compensation at each future annual meeting of shareholders. Do we have a motion from Mr. Vincent Smith or his duly-authorized representative to approve this proposal? There we go. The question was the debt load? I appreciate your point of view. We do a mixture. Our fourth order of business is a proposal to approve our 2002 restricted stock plan as amended and restated. Is there a motion to approve this proposal? It's an ongoing process. Thank you, Mr. Block. Today I'm pleased to report that Comcast continues to perform very well, both operationally and financially in what remained a very challenging economy with increased competition, particularly in the video delivery space. But our results for 2008 and for the first quarter of 2009, announced just two weeks ago, continue to demonstrate the strength of our subscription business model and our ability to manage effectively in these challenging times. In 2008 and again in the first quarter, we delivered growth in revenue and operating cash flow and strong free cash flow growth. We did that by focusing on profitable growth, by adjusting to the rapidly changing environment, and by focusing intensely on expenses and on capital deployment. We also continued to grow the customer base, albeit a bit more slowly than prior years, and adding new digital and advanced High-Def and DVR-like products to our video lineup and new High-Speed Internet offerings, as well as Comcast Digital Voice for the phone customers. Every one of our products, we have a plan for innovation to how we can be the best, whether it's in the video space, in the high-speed data space, or in the communication space. And we're also taking those product offerings into a new market entirely for us, which is the business class -- small and medium-sized business, and we're seeing real momentum as we extend into this new space and that is powering a lot of our growth as well. At the same time, we need to invest in these products and in our service and in our people, and since they are the foundation of the long-term, competitive advantage that we think we have. So we are initiating a project we call, All-Digital and in wideband broadband services. These two projects dramatically increase the capabilities and the long-term platform for innovation and additional new products as we enhance what we offer our services to our customers. These initiatives will be complete hopefully by next year and they should help transform the Company, making us even more competitive, helping us to deliver even better customer experienced end-to-end, great products delivered reliably and serviced well. As we strengthen the competitive position and grow the free cash flow, our highest priority remains to invest in the operating and strategic needs of the business while maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning capital to the shareholders. None of this is possible without the dedication of our 100,000 or so employees, which are our greatest asset. Not just for everything they achieve at Comcast every day, but also because of the commitment to the communities in which we are fortunate to do business. One example is something called Comcast Cares Day, which we started in 2001, where our employees and their families have provided more than 1.3 million hours of community service to their local community where they do business. Just this year, only a few weeks ago on April 25, we held our ninth Comcast Cares Day. 58,000 employees, families, and friends, up from 50,000 just a year ago, volunteered, providing over 350,000 hours in more than 500 projects on one day. Very, very proud of that. So before I close, let me touch on what's probably most important at a shareholder's meeting and that is our stock performance. If you go back since Ralph founded the Company and since we went public in 1972 -- when he and Julian took the Company public about ten years after its inception, you can see that we've been focused on long-term value creation and we've more than doubled the S&P 500. As we stand here today, we know there's ups and downs in any one particular year, but the entire management team is focused, as well as your Board of Directors, on continuing our ability to build a world-class Company offering world-class products and doing so in a way that creates value for our shareholders over the long-term. With that, this year we're going to try something a little different and talk about some of the results of the Company by a video. (Video Plays) Okay, thank you. Okay, I'd like to now proceed to the business of the meeting. The first five items of business are Company proposals. The Board of Directors has recommended that shareholders vote in favor of these five proposals. Each of these proposals and the reasons for the Board's recommendations are set forth in the proxy statement. The first item of business will be the election of Directors. All our nominees currently serve as Directors. Is there a motion to elect the nominees? Is there a second? Is there any discussion of this matter? It's possible we'll be none. Thank you. Any discussion? Next item -- next four items of business are shareholder proposals. These proposals and the statements for and against their adoption are set forth in the proxy statement. The Board has recommended that shareholders vote against each of these proposals. The first shareholder proposal requests that the Board take the steps that may be necessary to identify by name and title in future proxy statements those executive officers who are contractually entitled to receive in excess of $500,000 annually as a base salary. Do we have a motion from Ms. Evelyn Davis or her duly authorized representative, Ms. Davis, to approve this proposal? Thank you. Sir? Well, we have our maturities of our debt are very comfortably spread out over an average life of around 15 years. And so therefore, in no one year do we feel there is any obligations that we can't meet from free cash flow, which puts us in an enviable position of not needing to go to the financial institutions unless we choose to, either to extend those terms or to do something different. About $31 billion. Let me give you --. I appreciate your coming. Let me give you a couple of facts. Since 2005, we've successfully resolved 31 collective bargaining agreements, and we've had eight out of eight that were up in 2008 and there are only three outstanding today. So, I appreciate that you're in one of those locations, but we have, as you point out, a large company, very diverse across the country, and by and large we have been able to resolve all of these agreements all the time. And, I'm hopeful and optimistic that yours will be resolved as well. Would we sell any of the sports teams? Sorry. Not at this time. We feel we are the strongest credit rating in the Company's history. We were frankly recently, I think two weeks ago or so, upgraded by Moody's, which is highly unusual in these times to get a credit upgrade and we're very pleased with that and we're --. Any discussion? The fifth order of business is the proposal to approve our 2003 stock option plan as amended and restated. Motion to approve this proposal? Thank you all, and good morning. I'd like to call the meeting to order. Before we proceed, I'd like to just introduce the Directors and members of senior management who are here today. Great pleasure to start with Ralph J. Roberts, Founder of Comcast, Chairman Emeritus, Decker Anstrom, Ken Bacon, Sheldon Bonovitz, Ed Breen, Julian Brodsky, Joe Collins, Mike Cook, Gerald Hassell, Jeff Honickman, Dr. Judith Rodin, Mike Sovern. From members of management, Steve Burke, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Mike Angelakis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Larry Salva, Senior Vice President, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer. Thanks, Larry. I'd like to also introduce from Deloitte & Touche, Jim Adams, Advisory Partner, and Greg Seelagy, Lead Client Service Coordinator for Comcast. Gentlemen. Mr. Block, would you now please report on the status of the meeting? How much is our debt load? Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Davis. Any other comments on the Directors? Sir? Could you identify yourself, please?The product has not yet been filed. It will be filed soon. But we were able to get the final i's dotted, and t's crossed, on the commercial supply agreement. And I think as we worked our way through the pharma approval process, which you can imagine is a little cumbersome at times, we were able to just get everything done and felt like this was a great venue to be able to just get it announced and get it out there, and then be able to talk more about it in the future as it gets approved. Sure. Just for the webcast, so capacity -- four lines. Fourth line, looking right now, third quarter of next year. That should bring us to about 1.4 million Pods per month. So, each line that we're putting in at this point can probably do about 400,000 Pods a month. As far as the attrition, if anything, we're seeing it come down, which is great. I think the -- certainly we went through an awful lot of work in the third quarter to transition our entire customer base. And it has been chronicled. With that basic -- effectively all done at this point, complete. We've seen all of our call volumes and customer service and tech support, and all those things normalize back to where they should be, or even continuing to come down. One of the interesting little pieces of phenomena with the attrition side, and why we're comfortable with it coming down, is there is certainly a group of patients where we used to serve them direct Pods. And then, all of a sudden, for example, in a period of time, they may just disappear. And we tried to do a few -- we're following up with you, to try and find out why you haven't taken a shipment. And sometimes we'll get you on the phone, and we can effectively do an exit interview. Sometimes we just never hear from you again. We've had a bunch of those customers come back. And what we find is that the common theme there is they were a patient that we were serving direct -- the direct contract with their managed-care plan -- they then switched insurances, and wound up being served for a period of time through a distributor partner. And either we heard about them now through that distributor partner, as they looked for their free PDM; or they have come back direct to us as, again, they change insurances again. So, that's why these overall patient count numbers are always a little bit of a moving target. But we've been very encouraged by seeing this group of people that, frankly, were in our attrition number over time, and back in active status, really ultimately still be active. They were just getting their Pods through a different channel, which is great. Let me talk about it in a more general type of form. I think the way we've been trying to approach these relationships is in that's hopefully a starting point in terms of revenue. Again, that would be kind of a first-year type of a number for these. And I think we're just really excited about this kind of a form factor to be able to, in this case, maybe make it simpler for a patient to not have to go back to a doctor's office to get an injection. Or maybe you save a visiting nurse to have to go out to an office. And, instead, you take something from a compliance side that struggles, and you're ultimately able to make it in a much easier way for the patient to receive the medication, which improves retention. When we look at these overall, these different delivery opportunities -- clearly we view them and say, a starting price for a lot of these Pods becomes probably north of $50. In these kind of cases, to think that you could be 2X to 3X multiples of what we typically do in the delivery space -- sorry, in the diabetes space -- is realistic. And, frankly, all of the ones that we're looking at, we're trying to hold very true to one common theme, which is we want to leverage the manufacturing we have. Unless someone is really ready to write a really large check, we are not putting in any specific new manufacturing lines or any of those things. We're going to leverage the product we have. So, for example, the Amgen product, which is at this point fully developed, leverages our existing lines. It takes us probably 1.5 hours in the facility in China to convert the line for a couple of different component changes they need. You can produce the product, and then it's 1.5 hours to convert back. So, as we work to continue -- and the nice thing about timing-wise, is we continue to gain supply and continue to work on the manufacturing side, where we'll produce north of 2.5 million Pods here in the fourth quarter. This will dovetail in nicely when we have a line four up and running as well -- probably in the second half of 2014 -- to be able to make sure we can handle all of our expanded diabetes business, as well as then be able to make sure we are meeting the needs for these guys as well. Delayed, yes. I think, from our perspective, we feel like we're positioned in a great spot, regardless of these different versions of a durable pump that come into the marketplace. I think, again, if you go to clinics where everybody gets free choice, if you go to the largest of the clinics and they have everything on the shelf, that decision point really is tubed or tubeless. And I think that, again, if you go tubeless, we're the only game in town. And if you go tubed, there's all sorts of different bells and whistles which you can ultimately look at. But the reality of it is, is that we see -- we believe a disproportionate people -- a disproportionate group of people that have not been on pumps before coming to us. They don't want that durable model, regardless of the integration or UI or whatever else. They just don't want to deal with tubing and priming pumps and insertions, and all these other things. So we still believe that holds true. If we look at, again, since the beginning of March, with over 40% year-over-year growth. We're still seeing about three out of four customers come from multiple daily injections. And I think even, for example, the Medtronic guys said it themselves in their conference call a couple of weeks ago, where the majority of their growth is going to come from -- is their existing customer base. And so those are people that are comfortable with tubes, and ultimately continue down that same path. So, obviously, we're watching them. And we'll keep an eye on what they're doing, but we certainly don't think there's a lot of impact on our business at all. Our belief is that it's really zero impact, from a growth rate, with these different new entrants in the market. What's interesting -- and, again, having just following Dexcom here -- is if you look at a lot of patients who are managing their diabetes through multiple daily injections, it's a dramatic change to go from MDI all the way to a pump and CGM. You're taking from a group of people effectively using zero technology today, and you're trying to bring them all the way to bright. You're swinging the pendulum completely to the opposite end. And a lot of patients struggle with that. And so what you see a lot of doctors do is, they are kind of introducing this stuff gradually. They'll either introduce a pump first, which is more often the case. Sometimes they'll introduce CGM first. And I always say that, second to the Dexcom guys, I'm the biggest cheerleader of their CGM first message. Because as soon as somebody realizes that at 2:30 in the afternoon they are high, and they really want to go eat that chocolate chip cookie, but they need a pump to be able to help them manage their diabetes and bolus themselves insulin, versus giving themselves more shots. So, I think that's where Medtronics is right. I think that they will upgrade part of their base using this new product, because that's a group of people who are already using those technologies. I don't think they're going to get to that multiple daily injection pie very much, that we've talked to beforehand. And what bears it out is they've had various forms of durable pumps and CGMs for years. We've been competing against all of those products in Europe for years. Our business in Europe has more than doubled the last couple of years, and will double again likely in 2014. And when we see them here in the US, they haven't been able to grow. Again, you look no further than their year-over-year numbers; they're down. And the rationale behind that has been they're not taking new patients. They're not taking MDI patients. That share growth is absolutely coming from Insulet. Thanks, everyone. Happy holidays. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. Yes, no, and to put it bluntly, whatever number of Pods we produced here in the third quarter, we'll be somewhere between 2.5 million and 2.6 million Pods in the third quarter, versus 1.75 million in Q3. I can find a home for all 2.6 million Pods and not blink. We can do more. The reality of it is, is that if you looked at our balance sheet at the end of September, our number of Pods on hand was eerily low. We literally left September with 34 boxes of Pods on hand; that's 340 Pods. That's 10 customers' worth. So we're managing that very tightly across the entire network, both with us as well as all of our distribution partners, as the supply ramped its way up with that third line to be able to meet the needs of everybody. So, here in the fourth quarter we've recovered nicely, to be able to be at this level now of 2.5 million. My colleague, Charlie Liamos, has done a hell of a job being able to make sure that these production lines are going full-speed ahead. But we also know that while we could push all of those Pods into the marketplace by the end of Q4, it may not be the most prudent thing to do. And the reason why, as everybody knows, the end of January is Chinese New Year. And so the Flextronics facility typically shuts down for a period of time. And we want to make sure that we have enough supply on hand at the end of December in our warehouse to be able to manage our way through any potential shortfall that could happen, since we'll have a couple-week gap in Pods being produced overseas. So our production in Q1 will be around 2.5 million again, assuming a couple of weeks of effectively downtime. And so the way we are looking at it is it's better to have the product on our shelves than to put it in our partners' hands where we have less control; to be able to really push it to exactly wherever the demand is highest. And then as we get through the first quarter, we'll be able to yet build again their inventory levels to a little bit of -- to a more comfortable place, and then finish that project in Q2. So, in number terms, if you think about that $4 million of revenue backlog at the end of Q3 -- none of it is lost; it's just delayed. We'll probably see one-third of it come through in Q4. We'll probably see one-third of it come through in Q1. And we'll probably see the last third of it come back in Q2. Yes. Yes, I think where we view it is -- what we want to add is roughly -- it's kind of a junior rep type of a sales model. So we're adding additional people to the territories that already exist. What we find in a lot of territories is that sometimes our reps become victims of their own success, where the doctors -- the endocrinologists demand a high level of service back out of our folks. And, again, we're really competing against a lot of the durable guys, in a lot of cases, for the mind share of the doctor, to get the doctor to support the product. And in an awful lot of cases, that means you need to show up. You've got to be there a lot. So, what happens over time is as your win rates grow to 60%, 70% in a clinic, it's hard to get much beyond those levels. And the level of service that you're providing that doctor can't drop off. So those reps become locked into a few clinics driving the majority of their portfolio. The idea is that we bring in more of an account manager, junior rep type of a role, that can continue to service those existing clinics at a high level. It provides us a little bit of redundancy and backup in the field, as well. But then take those seniors sales reps, if you will, and having them continue to penetrate more and more territory. Of any metrics that I look at this year, one of the ones that I think we find most exciting is that 25% of our shipments have come from new doctors this year. And that's a meaningful thing, because that means we're really starting to expand out this prescriber base of doctors writing the product, and doctors supporting the product. Now it just behooves us to make sure that we're servicing those doctors at a high level, so when those patients come back after being on for six months and say, hey, this is working great for me -- we want the doctor to give us the next three patients, or the next five patients, or the next 10 patients. And we don't want the doctor to say, well, that's great, but I haven't seen the rep in two weeks, or I haven't seen the rep in a month. That's not the answer we want. So we need to make sure that we're servicing them high enough to keep this moving forward. Morning, everybody. Thanks, Steve. This is the second half of the daily diabetes double, I guess, after we just saw Dexcom. So very happy to be here. I'm sure all of you guys are disappointed -- last investor conference of the year. So, I'm just going to real quickly just go through a couple of things. Safe Harbor statement, for any of my lawyer friends.  And then talk about diabetes really quick -- so many of you probably just saw Steve's presentation -- but obviously a very, very large industry; unfortunately growing at a pretty high rate. And what's very interesting about the type 1 market that we have always pointed towards is we've talked to most endocrinologists out there. It's pretty universal that people believe managing your diabetes through some form of continuous insulin infusion therapy -- i.e., being on a pump -- is a better way to treat your diabetes, and to manage your diabetes, and gain better control than taking shots. The challenge is, and the real big question is, is that nearly still three out of four people choose to use multiple daily injections, or MDI, here in the States, as compared to using an insulin pump. Now what we are very proud of is the fact that we certainly believe, given the form factor that we have, that we are helping to change this dynamic a lot. We've really taken most of the complexity of insulin pumping away. And really now that first decision point that all good consumers have, when they're thinking about going on an insulin pump, is tubed versus tubeless. And within the tubed durable pump category, there are certainly different kind of bells and whistles and flavors that people can choose from. But tubeless is a unique option that only we can provide. And what we see is -- especially on the back of our new generation Pod that we launched earlier this calendar year -- many, many people saying, okay, this product here, given it's light; it's simple; it's discreet. It allows me to have the flexibility of my life and my lifestyle, and not have to worry about connecting and disconnecting a product all the time. This is something that I can use. This is something that I can get behind, and this is a better way for me to manage my diabetes. And it's shown really with -- if I flip here, going through quickly -- if I flip here, you'll see that over one-third of our patients at this point are under the age of 18. So we launched this next-generation Pod back in the beginning of March. And since then, we've seen year-over-year initial shipment increases north of 40%. Our under 18 group has been north of 60% year-over-year. And, unfortunately, the majority of diagnoses every year are kids. Our 0 to 10 category is over 100% year-over-year increase. The answer is, why? If you think of a two-year-old or a three-year-old or a four-year-old, no mom and dad out there likes giving their son or daughter five, six, seven injections of insulin per day. And then having to think about pricking their finger another five, six, or seven times to help manage their diabetes. It's such an intrusive disease. The Pod can be worn in its small size. A lot of the times mom and dad will put it on the small part of the back for a child. And all they have to do is walk up, be next to their child, sit with them on the couch as they're watching SpongeBob on TV, and be able to bolus their child's insulin; be able to change their basal rate of insulin; be able to do all of these things that used to become these huge chores and tasks that no one enjoyed, and be able to put it in a much simpler, easier form. (laughter) Yes. Yes, let me again talk in general terms, okay. Because I don't want to overstep the bounds with Amgen, and respect the fact that the drug is not approved yet. Until it's approved, they don't want to specifically talk about it. But, again, I think you can see a couple of different types of uses, where our product fits perfectly in. One is drugs that need to be given over time. There's a lot of drugs that are given via injections, where the side effects that come from having that injection over a short period of time can be a little higher, as compared to if you take the drug and you spread it out. A little bit more like the diabetes type of a model, where you can spread that drug out a little bit, and you can effectively stave off some of those side effects. So that's one area where we've been looking at some different partnerships. And, again, you can see a couple of things that are listed here Yes. I think our expectations haven't changed a bit. I think they're doing a great job over there. We've just heard that, in the Netherlands, we're over a 20 share in the market. Now, the Netherlands isn't the biggest market out there. But, for example, we compete against the Medtronic 530G -- it's called the Veo over there; and the Animas Vibe, which is the Dexcom Animas product, over there for literally the last couple of years. And the business is taking huge share, again, because I think people love the tubeless type of a product. And so I think our view there is we'll double again in 2014. We will absolutely still get north of that $100 million; it will probably just take us an extra year to do so. And the real driver of that is the timing of exactly when the new Pod was launched, as well as probably a couple of delays in a couple of markets of just exactly when they were able to secure reimbursement. So I think that's just a couple of minor, little potholes along the way. But, overall, they're doing a fantastic job.Well, I don't think we disadvantaged that at all. I think that the private equity folks are going to -- and every other bidder will bid what they think the value can be. I do think that for us I think all we can say is that we've wanted to begin the monetization process that TWCable state. We've got very constructive relationships with Dick Parsons and Time Warner on how to go about this. We have asked for registration. They wanted to defer that. We have promised the government we're going to be out of the stake in five years. We want to do the best we can to do that. It's not quite registered securities right now anyway and so they gave us a put and to see how Adelphia turns out. At the same time, we've said we're going to try to work together to procure those assets and use that in other ways to continue to redefine the Time Warner stake, see how it turns out. I think that's a very good question and allows for a couple of points. One is, as we've judged ourselves in looking at subscriber results, we've put - and I think, rightfully - but we put all of our emphasis - maybe too much emphasis, on the better half of the customers - the digital platform. The 40, 60, 30%, let's say, between high-speed data, digital box, high definition, all the things you're talking about. And every new service - analog became so valuable - real estate - because if we had one analog channel or 10 digitals, every new content the last five years, unless we had a gun at our head, like a Yankees nest, didn't get analog spectrum. It got digital spectrum. So we stepped back this quarter and we were analyzing. You know, we were getting low-end competition and we said, you know, maybe we should be doing more for the other half of the customers. And so, at the same time, the cost of the next generation set-top box, an all-digital box, is sub $100 next year. And sub 75 at some point and sub 50 at some point very soon. And so, our technology gain is quite focused on a scenario where you would simulcast your analog pictures into digital for a variety of reasons. Not necessarily required that everybody takes digital. But that on a go-forward basis, it's not inconceivable you give everybody one of these cheap boxes. And these cheap boxes happen to be doing things in some way is that are better than the box that just ran that demonstration. And so it'll have a guide, it'll have ON DEMAND, it'll have a built-in modem, alter that price point that I'm talking about. And so there then sets up the scenario that you end up with an 80 channel cable system that was analogue being simulcast in eight channels, 10 to one compression. One day, three, four, five years from now, if you'd been with 30 percent churn, giving every new customer one of these low-end boxes that you're 80, 90 percent with the 40 percent base we had today already all-digital, and for that last 10, 20 percent conversion, you could be looking at a 72 channel analog reclamation, which is like a whole new world. And just to tantalize with that new world, CableLabs did a demo here for our Board last week in New York because I asked, &quot;Well, could we ever see what a 100 Mb per second would look like for high-speed data?&quot;, and we went into the Board meeting. They said, &quot;We've got the demo; in fact, we did one better, we're going to make it 200 Mb per second&quot;. We going to this little room and there's wires everywhere, there's boxes, and the guy points to the computer screen -- not a computer screen, a graph, and he said, &quot;There it is&quot;. And I said, &quot;Where is it?&quot;, and he said, &quot;Well, that's it. See the line; it says 200 Mb per second&quot;. &quot;So what do you do with it?&quot;, and he said, &quot;Oh, we're the engineers, that's not our thing&quot;, so I -- OK, what are we looking at? This is 200 Mb a second running on for cable channels in a lab, you know, with this new chip and this new this, and this new that. We're running three Mb a second with one channel today. So the engineering community believes that we're going to have tremendous expansion of capacity with no rebuild whatsoever. And imagine getting back 72 analog channels someday and you can do 200 Mb per second with four. (inaudible) you know, your head's spinning as to what might that all mean, but in the here and now year term by simulcasting those channels the low-end customer is now able to get more channels. So we're going to say if you take the new box, not only do you get better pictures; we're going to give you a few extra channels. You get ON DEMAND, and you get the guide and music no cost. The high-end customer just bought a $10,000, $3000 plasma TV that has Hi def and still has those crummy analog pictures that are now 60 inches big and bad. That problem is gone, and we're going to be able to simulcast here very shortly because we have the bandwidth to do that with no rebuild. So I add it all up and I say, &quot;Well, let's say we gave everybody a digital box&quot; -- we're not planning to do this, so that's sort of -- got to make that exclamation point. The combined footprint of Comcast AT&T had we been one company since 1996 -- we spend $38 billion rebuilding this platform. For better for worst, love us or hate us, you get that today in the stock. OK? For another 20 million boxes at $75 a box, that's one billion and a half dollars spread over five years, you'll never really even see it as we churn our customers and buy other boxes and refurbish and what have you, and now you reclaim 72 channels and you have an all-digital product. And so I think absolutely it's when not if. So, we ask questions. They then can go on blind and meet people. In the first months, just in Philadelphia, where this is, with no advertising, we've gotten - we're on pace to have over three - about 300,000 downloads of this show. We had 100,000 last week. People are watching lots of different clips, a little like MTV vignettes. There's fun. There's, you know, bar tricks. There's - we're going to take this national, do this in each city, have the best of the best. It's very cheap programming. It's not available anywhere else. And we have a suite of ideas coming from what people do on the Internet, what they do on television and how, with thousands of hours of availability of content, not a full-time channel. With other kinds of business models. And the success - just the early success kind of blows me away in terms of the volume of people that want to do these downloads. And then, finally, is our big announcement with the NFL. And if you go to sports and you click NFL Network and then you can pick - slow down one sec - you could pick NFL, you know, replay or go into NFL replay and within NFL replay, it gives you two choices, local or national. So if we take the weekly replay, it then gives you a look at every single football game. This starts midnight Sunday night and goes all week long. This is, of course, a week ago's game because we couldn't do it from yesterday that fast for this demo. This is produced by the NFL. Every single game is available. No commercials. It's a 10-20 minute highlight, but it's the real announcers from the game. It's not a - it's the actually plays. You can turn the volume up. You can pause. You're in control. Rewind it. And take the radio broadcast of the home - OK. In the first week, we had 600,000 downloads, nationally, of NFL replay. We're on track to generate 2.5 million orders in the first month. Just to put it in perspective, all of the customers to Sunday ticket is about a million - less than a million-and-a-half, I believe, to be able to have 600,000 downloads in a week. We're making this available for free for all of our customers. So, our - we dubbed this Philly vision, this on-demand vision that we've pioneered in our Philadelphia market. We're now rolling out - just in Seattle in San Francisco and we're getting the same kind of usage in take rates several months later that we are in Philadelphia. We had 50 million orders, as I said, last month. The month before, it was 40 million. That's 2.5 times the volume it was six months ago in terms of downloaded shows. So, 22 times per average home that's using the product in Philadelphia, they use on demand. That's once a day, basically, for an entire - almost for two-thirds of the month. And it's changing television. And we couple this with the trend of DVRs and personal video recorders and the - clearly, television is going to become a personal experience. But there is no better way, I think, to get cable than through Comcast. As so, it's a very long answer to your question that basically is we're not going to have a commoditized product. We're going to use our technological advantage. We're in the first inning of what that content's going to be. And people from the traditional content companies, like an NFL or Sony and MGM and now they'll deal directly with a Comcast. Whereas, existing providers like a Discovery or a CBS or an NBC are going to make their content available. We'll all figure out what the business relationships are as we go forward, but with 21.5 million customers, I think we're uniquely positioned to help make this a financially attractive proposition so that we will have more customers, not less, five years from now. We will have new products and we will have the same kind of 42 ARPU going to 75. This is going to make television more valuable and nobody else can do it. I wasn't born in to this job I want to know, I did want to work for Goldman Sachs. What can we do? I think, first of all, we think both sides can benefit. I view ourselves as a technology enabler. Consumers really don't want technology. Ultimately, they want, you know, I want to push that button and get HBO on demand. So, we have put ourselves, I think, in an enviable position where a lot of companies would like to work with us and some want to merge, some want to partner and some don't want to merge. You know, that's everybody's judgment of what they see the future bringing. But I think we look at, for instance, the Sony situation and say they have no cable presence. MGM had no cable presence. They have something close to half all the color movies since World War II in that library, according to Howard Stringer and - between the two of them. And they've just secured with us to basically rep for them to the cable industry all their content for many, many years and give us access for on demand. Why us? Well, because with AT&T Broadband and what I was just staying. And so, I think, did the distribution win more there? Well, we certainly did differentiate ourselves from our competitor. That's going to help us. But they're going to build asset value by having a relationship with the cable business that they historically don't have. So they're going to win. And I kind of think it's all boats rise and fall, ultimately, together. I think content and distribution may diverge if the big picture -- if the consumer is getting value - that value is going to get divided up between both sides. And that's why we sort of never pick. You know, E!Entertainment's wonderfully valuable. Golf Channel is really valuable. Comcast SportsNet. All of our content - QVC, which we sold. But first and foremost, we're about helping cable differentiate itself and build value for our shareholders with the content investments or content partnerships. It's included in our content purchasing relationships. We basically - rolls that you've just seen and we're going to have 5-6% cost increases in content this year. That's down from 12-15% in the last three or four years. If you ask me to step back and reflect just for a second, the last 36 months, which has been an interesting period for Comcast, AT&T Broadband redefined our company. It gave us the national scale. It's - for the first two years, we were all about rebuilding the company and getting the 20 or so percent margin systems on a $10 billion company, up to 40% margins. And we did that. Our compounded cash flow growth for Comcast the last two years is well within the 20% with no acquisitions. I don't think there's any company in our space, media or telecom, anywhere - content, distribution, that has that kind of cash flow performance. At the same time, our capital spending peaked as we now are 98, 99% rebuilt. And so, by having this scale, we've now put ourselves in a position to really focus on what do you do with the scale. First job was getting the margins up. And Steve Burke and the team did a fantastic job of doing that. Now, the question is when you see a Sony and an MGM or you see an NFL or you see a Gemstar-TV Guide or a Microsoft, they're coming to Comcast and they want to be part of our enabling platform. And I think that that is really what we can build assets and build new programming and new customer experiences that nobody else can do. Thank you. Well, I think it's a, you know, hard question to answer, but a high-class problem. So we think we can do a little bit of all, except for the Telco fiber, I don't think that right today that's top of mind. I think satellite is a real competitor. DSL is a real competitor, and someday there'll be other competitors, maybe, but they have to have sustainable business models and good economics and I haven't yet seen that proved in wireline overbuilding where the cost 100, $200 billion to do something. I mean I know it cost us 38 billion, and we've started with an existing cable network. And I'm not sure it's cheaper if we had to do it all over today or more expensive. So why look at it -- we did $1 billion stock buyback, we completed I think over 750 million of that. The Board authorized another one billion. We also redeemed some converts that were convertible into Comcast stock that came from AT&T in a bizarre -- you know, they had converts in our stock, and we bought that, so we decided not to let the stock convert and paid off in cash. That's 1/2 a billion or so more. So we've been -- of the $2 billion of free cash flow, more than half has been sent back to the shareholders this year alone. At the same time, we have reinvested in the business, with the Gemstar partnership, where we're now the majority partner of TV Guide, and we control our Guide experience, control of Search in that new world. With 10,000 hours, video search is going to be as important as Google is to the Internet. And whether it's with Microsoft or TV Guide or some of both for wherever it goes, we want to be in control of that experience for our customers end to end. So that was important. We have MGM Sony, to be able to one -- it was not a requirement of the video ON DEMAND or the channel deal, but the opportunity to invest on the same terms as the private equity, and to have the same sort of seat at the table of Sony was an appealing opportunity for us for $300 million. So having the strongest balance sheet in the Company's history -- again, go back to years with 35 billion of debt, we had 20 percent AT&T margin. They lost half one million customers to satellite in one year, and 24 months later, to be 98 percent, 99 percent done the rebuild, to pretty well be on our way with a different version of television, to have launched 5 million new products, which is what we did from $40 subscriptions to $15, whether you're digital or high-speed data, to pay off nine billion of debt plus have Microsoft convert five billion of debt, you know, and have everybody walking around with a long face, is just frustrating for the folks in the business, and I think our answer is to just keep our head down and, yes, we're going to return a lot of the money to shareholders, at the same time continue to fund investments where we can get 20 percent returns on our money where you can't because we wouldn't get this ground for investment opportunities unless you had 21 1/2 million subs, and I think for a lot of years cable operators have done some of that pretty well, whether that was Sprint PCS or Teleport or, you know, some of the other investments, QBC, Discovery Channel, and so we want to participate in that value creation, whether it's technology content, Internet, phone, and that the same time, have the core business run at double-digit revenue, double-digit cash flow, 20 to 30 percent free cash flow growth every year now for the next several years, and, you know, I think that's what's planned. I'm glad you jump with a nice easy question to start with. I think that's exactly what is on everybody's mind, which is, is this trend, is this - is that anything cable companies can do about it and we feel very strongly and I think our results hopefully will prove this outfit that there is not a trend, just we have a more mature video business but that's not new stuffs and for the last couple of years we have been reinventing ourselves and the company to be a new product company. In the last five years we have gone from $42 a month in revenue per cable home to $75, and all of that -- over half of that is from new products whether that's Digital, Hi-Speed Data, or other new services. And so we want to do that again. At the same time we got to hold your base. So, our strategy is pretty simple. We do not want to be commoditized, we don't have to be commoditized and our version of televisions can and should be better than satellites. And so the way you do that is by having taking advantage of cable two-way platform. Cable two-way platform is something satellite can do with the out of space 22,000 miles away. So, what I would actually like to do is to take a minute, at the beginning here and show you and show the audience here because one of our greatest frustrations, we have been going around -- taking about On Demand and unfortunately the people who matter most to our stock may be not all of our customers are in this room and living in New York and LA and now there is really a Comcast market. And not every cable company and certainly in satellite you can get this product. So, let me just take 5 minutes here and give you a demonstration. The goal is to differentiate from satellite to television experience that you are getting. And most MSOs are not quite doing at the way we are doing. We see On Demand really in three buckets. We have a kind of Pay Per View On Demand we call that movie. We have subscription, like HBO you got to be a customer to get some of the benefits of this subscription and a lot of MSOs are focused on subscription. Our vision of subscription is really you pay nothing actually it's just if you are an HBO customer, you get the better HBO. But where we have really got a different vision right now is the free On Demand world. And it's very similar to what happened with the Internet and the best way is to just see it. So, here is our new guide, this is rolling out November-December, this is TV guide version. You see it's a much cleaner look, very friendly to navigate around and the first thing I like to do is just go into movies. What you will see is we today have over a 150 movies. You can see that if you pull up, you will get, you know, a fair amount of choice, you click the movie and then you would start the movie, you can pause, fast forward, rewind and you pay 399 for the movie. Now the Sony MGM deal, we can talk a little bit about this. It is going to allow us to add 400 movies a month and 300 televisions shows from their library offered free to our customers. So with those 150 movies, we would pay and obviously we are interested in new movies and new windows and this is just on few studios. We do expect to have a relationship with other studios. But we have the ability to take our 2000 shows, which is what this all I would talk to you today and turn it into 10,000, or some day 20,000 offerings in an On Demand world. So, this is not anything that we have got -- I think anyone has ever seen before in television. OK. To give you some examples of what's available other than movies let's go down to premium channels and lets take a look at HBO. If we go to HBO On Demand, you can pick the HBO Special, the HBO Kids the HBO movies and that's true in the most popular of course series and again all the popular series are available, if you click sopranos this is again no cost, gives you a choice of episode let's go ahead and show you how it works. Hopefully a little volume there. This is a good song for those who like sopranos and we can (inaudible) of sopranos. With 15 million downloads of HBO On Demand last month, we only have 5 million digital boxes today enabled with this complete On Demand experience. Last month everything you are about to see we did 50 million downloads of Comcast On Demand. I will talk a little bit about that in a moment. 15 million were to HBO because they had the best series and a lot of great movies. So, if you are an HBO customer you don't even know when sopranos is on because you just go whenever you want it, it's on. So, our HBO is better than DirecTV's HBO and so there are 35% of America that wants HBO are able to stat is -- there is no reason why you wouldn't want this functionality. We can get that from satellite. OK, but you could if you have the DVR at least download the series you want. This of course gives you access to all the series so I didn't even know what the (inaudible) Show was. But now I love it. It's one of my favorites I need to admit, I'm (inaudible). So, if you know that you want these programs versus the whole ability to circle around and try it and then say 'Wow, that's now total enthusiasm whatever they continue to allow you access to everything, our HBO is better than their HBO'. OK, now let's go to news. So, another category that we are playing around with is all the way to access news. Now one of the things we did for the debates and for the political conventions is we are putting all the debates On Demand, all the big speeches On Demand so if you have heard about Goeth Balmer's speech was great, you didn't see it you want to go watch it. You can get that on Comcast C band and Comcast On Demand. We have the first debate on; we will do that will all the other debates. Same time if you know want to go see NBC night news whenever you wanted, or need the press or the local news from this morning. You can do all that this would be (inaudible) off in couple of days as well. Hopefully whenever you want you don't want to record it, do anything it's just there. OK, another category and I will go kind of quickly, we think it's of course in the end it's sports news, movies and kids, which is what cable is all about. Let's take a look at Kids. We have every single programming deal we have signed since buying AT&T broadband we have had an On Demand element as part of the new deal. We pay $4.1 billion a year to the Content Company for the largest purchase share and included in our restructured relationship. Now they were basically the two and half times the size buyer is television content for our customers enjoying that so that our Nickelodeon is better than satellites' Nickelodeon and hence if you go in, you go to Nick Junior and I am sure they have got a broad chicken fans here today. No commercials for some of the content like the PBS content, children's programming, where in the (inaudible) programming, parents know exactly what their kids are watching and it's all free. Let's go on to Discovery Channel. Discovery Channel - John Hendricks is the one that helped invent the concept that we're talking about today and he and I had a conversation a couple of months ago about Discovery's falling behind. And now, I think they're in first place in terms of taking their content and making it every one of their categories. I just want to show you, pick any show, what their trailer looks like, just to get into Discovery. If we turn up the volume a little bit. They're really looking at this to tell you why Discovery Channel's great. I think they've led it, maybe more than anybody. Which is, this is a cable system within a cable system. Here's another chance to tell consumers all the great brands and products Discovery has and then we roll into the show that we just picked. And this was on hurricanes. We leave the commercials in. Yes, you can fast forward them. But that's no different than where this world is going. We can talk a little bit about that. But if you're Discovery Channel and you say you know what? Comcast is making available more real estate, I'd better get in on it. And I think back to Ted Turner and others who went somewhere no one wanted to be, which was all news channels, all discovery channels, all sports channels 20 years ago and the incumbent provider said, well, what's good about that for me? And that's probably a question that you're sitting there asking yourself. The fact is, it's a new piece of real estate and if somebody builds a beachfront home, they're going to have something pretty valuable down the road. I think voiceover IP, we are hoping, is going to be another profitable business model. Right now, the single-most, biggest, largest contributor to our cash royal and revenue growth is high-speed data. And our hope is that in order to get voiceover IP, you're really going to want Comcast high-speed data. That's going to make a more attractive bundle. Our desire for voiceover IP is to have a differentiated phone product - same strategy as video and high-speed data - is to be the best provider. So, we're not looking for free phones. We're looking - we're not looking to necessarily have a phone that everybody wants because our starting price may be too high for some. But it will be primary line service. It will never touch the Internet. It will be a, hopefully, incorporate, because it's IP, elements of video, unified messaging, multiple lines. And really be a fabulous value that's more than just discount. And if that means it takes us a little longer to get there where that vision can't be realized, then we'll have to adjust. But right now, it looks a tremendous opportunity. We're enabling the footprint, by the end of '05, to be 100% available. And we're rolling it out - three markets this year. And so far, so good. I think it -- absolutely. There's no way it's going to impact. You won't even feel the spinning. All this ON DEMAND that you saw that we now offer, by the end of this year, we'll have it in 8 1/2 million homes, which is 85 percent of the digital footprint. We did that and you didn't even see the capital for that because it -- we went from five billion to four billion to 3.3 and the numbers are so small compared to $38 billion the (inaudible) the fiber, to dig up the streets and to -- you know, Moore's law doesn't help labor costs come down. And so the big heavy dollars are so behind us and we're pretty comfortable that with the technology of Moore's law bringing these new generation of boxes in an all-digital world down, down, down, and building into consumer electronics products eventually not even a box that all, just a digital TV. I was with one of the computer companies and they said, &quot;We think within two years we're going to have a 60 inch Hi def display device for a computer or a TV for sub $1000. Now when that day happens, we're going to see tens of millions of new devices go out, and the thing that helps me not lose sleep at night is that you're going to want that big-time entertainment system both for your broadband experience and for your television experience, and connecting it to a wire is better than wireless, as long as that thing doesn't want to move and as long as it interoperates into a wireless world. And so I think we're pretty well positioned to have the high ground for our customers, and the question is can you convert it into a product that they can see and feel the difference so that our version of television for our version of high-speed Internet is better than anybody else's, and so far, I think the answer is absolutely.Thank you, Craig. Thanks for that great introduction. A company nobody loves, wow. Eight o'clock in the morning, what a way to start the day. But, nothing like being honest and dealing right up front with some of the issues. And I thought what we would do is go through the presentation, hopefully those slides will change - here we go - and obviously leave as much time for questions. I'll also be available for the breakout session that a number of companies are also doing right afterwards for some more questions. But I think you're right. At least, we feel great about what the company's execution is, and let me give you some revised and updated information on where we are and what makes us excited about our future. First of all, I can't say enough about what AT&T Broadband has meant to the company. They really basically tripled the size of the company, made us a national local cable company. It gave us the opportunity to be in 22 of the top 25 cities in America. That has tremendous advertising opportunities. We can talk some more about that. I spoke at a dinner last night to a number of other CEOs of company, and just talking about what Comcast Spotlight is doing in advertising got some people salivating, and one of the CEOs came up and said, we spend $1 billion in advertising. Could you please get those guys to come see me? I've never heard of you before. Because with 40 channels, all interconnected, all digital, we now literally are doing the promised land with General Motors in Philadelphia, where they can tag an ad, and at 5:32 of the ad runs in every one of our systems in that market. We're all over the nation, and can have five different General Motors spots running at the same time, targeted to the demographics for each of those five customers. Amazing technology, now in place, and we had a great first quarter in advertising. We're the number one broadband provider in the United States, with approaching six million customers. We're 1.5 times the size of the nearest DSL provider, SBC. We're going to use that same platform, as you all know, to look at the telephone business. We think the platform, the IP platform, is going to be constantly reinventing itself. And the next first product will be traditional voice, but right thereafter, we think it's videophone. Some day, IPTV, and that will, again, we think, be the next save of technology. All of that platform's in place. We're now 96% rebuilt, our cable platform, through the first quarter. And again, for those that have not traditionally followed cable, we feel very strongly, and can talk about in great detail, why this rebuild is it. There will not be another rebuild on the heels of this rebuild. The ability to launch every new product we're thinking about, and then some, can be accomplished within the hybrid fiber coax that we spent 10 painstaking years to put in place and to be 96% complete. We had an amazing year last year in repaying debt. We paid off $7 billion of debt. We're really including some other moves we've made. It's really closer to $10 billion in terms of non-strategic assets that are on the path to being monetized. We now have the strongest balance sheet in the 40-year company history. And it sets the stage for really the next phase of growth. But I think when you think about Comcast, we'd like you to think about consistent, successful execution. In 2003, we had 42% operating cash flow growth, taking the AT&T systems, which we kind of thought in 36 months we could get to 35% margins, up from a 15% to 20% bottom. Instead, we got already to 36% or so, and we have now said that by the second half of the year, we expect to reach 40%. And that Comcast, historic Comcast, is at 42% to 43%. We see no structural impediment. All those have been removed that should someday not allow the whole company to be consistent margins in the low 40s. The best part of the story, for a number of investors, at least from what you've told me, is when are you going to get free cash flow. Well, I can definitively tell you, we're there. We will have $2 billion of free cash flow this year, or so. We have announced a billion dollar stock buyback. We're actively involved with making that happen. We intend to return the money to the shareholders through buybacks, dividends and other mechanisms. We have taken the capital spending of the combined company from the high water mark of $5.2 billion to $4.1 billion last year, to three-point-something this year, and going down every year, while EBITDA went up 40% last year. Guidance for this year is EBITDA growth of 15% to 17% -- first quarter, 21% EBITDA growth. So I'll begin - end those numbers there by just saying a little bit what Craig said. We don't know what more we can be doing in terms of the execution side of the company. As much as we want the stock to perform right away, I think what management should, and what we are doing, is remaining focused, disciplined on a strategy. The strategy is rebuild every one of your cable systems, improve your customer service, and bring new products. So let me update you on where we are in the new products. First product is digital cable. As you can see, we've had a steady, consistent growth in the digital product. In the first quarter alone, we added another 100 - and what's my number? Sorry - 192,000. We're on track to hit our guidance of 700,000 to a million net adds this year. We continue to improve this product, and this product is the platform by which we're going to be able to improve the video experience for our customers. So, the very first part of the product is it gives you more channel capacity. So if you have a digital cable box, you basically get 200 channels. But what you now get are the potential for three other products, depending on the generation of the box. The most exciting for us, and the most unique compared to satellite, is On Demand. And I'm going to spend a little bit of time talking about On Demand. But basically, you have 1,800 programming choices today, 2,000 or so hours of content, everything from the best of television to product that's not available on television to, in some cases, even long-form advertising from General Motors, where we have a General Motors Showcase. High-definition television. We want cable to be the consumer's place to go when they want HDTV. And the third is DVR. I think you'll see the cable industry in force selling DVRs by the end of this year, on the Motorola platform. The Scientific-Atlanta platform already has this product. We are testing it, and I'll get to that in one moment. All of those products begin to get us to what I think the consumer wants, which is the personalization of television. If the Internet was successful for any single reason, it was because of personalization. We all do something different, and if we can have a little remote or a little mouse, and go where we want to go, when we want to go there, that will sell like crazy with consumers. That's something cable has the ability to do, but satellite, which is not a robust two-way technology, can't keep up with us. And so what we're doing is trying to pioneer, and we have three types of Video on Demand. We have traditional movies, which by the way we've seen a 60%, 70% increase in the movie buy rates when you give people the ease of the digital technology, as opposed to having to call on the phone or some other means of doing On Demand. But the time shifting and the best of television is really what I'm going to spend a minute here talking about. Today, 50% of our customers have access to On Demand, and it will be 80% plus by year end. We already have approximately 10 million boxes in place, so there is no truck roll needed to enable consumers to have this product, if they've already got a digital box. We've been making every single content deal that we have done since closing AT&T - we have not signed a deal that does not include Video on Demand rights. As the world's largest purchaser of content, some $4 to $4.5 billion a year, that we spend to buy content, we have basically said that any deal we do will include some form of Video on Demand, so that our HBO is better than anybody else's HBO, and our Discovery Channel and A&E and everybody else, and NBC, we want to be better than any other platform. We're not looking to be a commodity provider. And let me show you what the early results are. In Philadelphia, which is our first market, 74% of the customers used On Demand in the last 90 days, and fully 60 days did so in the last month. But the amazing statistic is the average household ordered 22 products last month. Now, I don't know how much time people watch television where they actually sit down and watch a show, but that's basically one a day. We're getting close to that statistic on the number of days you're watching TV to say that when I watch, I'm going to control what I watch. Now, most of that content we are not charging an incremental fee for. We want to change the consumer's behavior on how they watch television. In fact, 68% of the On Demand users have said they have satisfaction, and 72% said it's improved the value of digital cable. The churn, which is therefore translated from satisfaction, is reduced by 15% to 20% for markets with On Demand versus markets without. And we intend to enhance this product by having high-def On Demand very shortly. But here's what happens technically. Today, the servers can do 2,000 hours for the capital that we have spent. Our engineers believe that within two years or so, or less, the capacity, because of what's happening with computer server costs and storage costs, will be 10,000-plus hours. So this is an entire new cable system that we're building, that's not costing us really any money, and is unique to cable. And I think that we are aggressively pursuing more content ideas to put in the VOD space, and you're going to hear more about that in months ahead. High-definition television, over 90% of our markets now offer HDTV and most of them have eight to 12 channels of HDTV, and you can see they're listed. Some are national, but what makes life great for cable is local. Because we don't have one national broadcast, i.e., one system for the whole country, and we localized it, we have made the offer available to all the local broadcasters to have their products broadcast in high-def. So when the Belmont runs this weekend, or when the Masters was on, or when the Olympics are on this summer, the best way to get all that is going to be from Comcast and high-def. Well, I think the video business is pretty saturated, globally speaking, here, in terms of households connected. So 100,000 subs here or there on a 20-some million base, in my opinion, is a little too fine of a microscope to make macro statements. So 1 million out of 100 million households have a DVR, or whatever, or 80 million households. It's not yet a product that has wildly caught on. We have 10 million people we can hook up to VOD the moment we turn them on, and we're doing that. We'll have 80% this year. They're spending $650 a home to sign them off, and they disconnect two years later, I'm not sure what the business proposition is to just throw more and more marketing dollars to get the marginal person who hasn't yet decided whether I'm a cable customer or satellite customer. Oh, that's great. Well, I respect that question, and I don't know what we can say. We've never stood up here and said no, never. I don't think it's legitimate and I don't think it's honest, and I don't - but I don't think there's five Disneys. If we were so lustful, we would have kept bidding. There certainly is a number that would have gotten it done, I believe, and we're not going to do that. We looked at AT&T Broadband, I can now say later, and they're probably, in our minds, was a strategic defining moment for this company to reach a certain point where you don't have to do anything. And I think AT&T Broadband presented that opportunity for us. We are very happy to be on a path to someday 25 million customers or so, when we break up all these partnerships with 22 of the top 25 cities in America, and say, you know what, you have a spectacular, unprecedented company. So we looked at Vivendi - we didn't even bid. Everyone expects us to go do something dumb. I don't know what you can say about that? We have a track record that for 32 years, Comcast stock has doubled the S&P 500. You said pick one thing that defines your company, that's the one, and on a compounded basis. So, you know, some will look at the negative in that question and say, well, the reason not to own this company is they're going to go off and do something else, and I think I would say, we bid for Media One, someone else came along, we dropped out of the bidding. Well, you can give me the unvarnished version if you want, through my mementos. What did Dick Parsons say on the subject? Did he come here yet or - I think it's hard to comment too specifically on proposed what-if scenarios. But conceptually, we've been creative deal makers, I think. We like complicated situations. It tends to get you a better outcome than just a flat-out auction. And it's not great strategy to say that we own 21% of a company that you could theoretically exchange for assets that could avoid you having to just sell stock and do something more exciting with the cash. So it wouldn't be out of school to say that that's something that everybody is aware of and talking about, what are some scenarios that do or don't involve Adelphia or do or don't involve just Time Warner and Comcast. We don't feel we have to get bigger, in any of the businesses. If there's one misperception that I'd like to clear up post-Disney is that we felt we needed to do something for one reason or the other. We look for opportunities. We're going around and you talk to different investors, and you get different points of view on that question. For 25 of the 30 years we've been a public stock or so, we've paid a dividend. Never huge. It's something we want to get to the place where we are able to think that way. Right now, if we have $2 billion in free cash flow, announced a $1 billion stock buyback. We'll report on progress on that each quarter. We had started that earlier in the year, suspended it because of Disney. And so I don't know that there's a huge difference, as long as you aren't just giving lip service, but you're actually buying the stock, or you're paying a dividend. Either way, I think people get the message you've got free cash flow, and sometimes you think there's something you want to do with that money, that's fine. But if not, get it back to the shareholders. And right now, and I think for a while, that's how we see. You told me an interesting statistic at breakfast, that the average investor holds stock four months or something. It's definitely not going to happen in the next four months. You know what? Who knows. I don't think it's anywhere in the next few years, if ever. Because in the real world, if we're connecting you, giving you a great experience and giving you a good value, somebody's going to want to - ESPN's going to get paid either way. There's going to be all sorts of security around that. But our attitude is not the ostrich plan, pretend that the Internet is only friendly. There will be some negatives out of the Internet, but we'd like to be the leading broadband provider. We doubled the speed. There are many, many problems with that. But someday, everything's possible, and it's just another way you can get television, but you're still going to want somebody to come in your house. You're still going to want to get the best programming. You're still going to want it to work on all your TV sets. You're still going to want it in high-def. And the more we enrich the experiencing, the more bandwidth that's required to do that. We have a lot more than one channel running our entire cable system. We have 100 channels right now running our cable system. And you're trying to basically say I can do it one channel, everything you're doing in 100. Well, the trick is not to have the 100 stand still. The 100 should look like 1,000 when the one can do 100. And I think that is more likely to be the scenario that happens, but in some ways it's a high-cost problem. You can put meters on - every model we're putting in people's houses now, there's like an electric meter, so if you use too many bits, we can charge you more. We can go to a consumption-based model so if you really do want to watch movies all the time on your computer, or bounce them to your TV - this is where we think our network can go that way if that's what consumers want to do. Thank you all very much.Overall, obviously you always see a little bit of fluctuation across all the numbers, so a little bit of a range is probably appropriate. But again, we are pretty comfortable that we are going to get the right OpEx back into that range and then ultimately get to breakeven. So, I'll let the range fall -- Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2012 conference call. I am Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet, and joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before I get started, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion may include forward-looking statements as defined under the securities laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in section 27 A of the Securities Act and section 21 E of the Securities Exchange Act and are making this statement for purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the Company's potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the Company's press release issued earlier today, and the risk factors section of the Company's SEC filings, including the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would also like to remind you that the guidance we are offering today represents a point in time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of this call, as well as today's press release at myomnipod.com in the investors section. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Duane. No. Sorry. I don't really have an updated number for you. Yes, we basically started that at the beginning of May, and so we had a minimal amount of in the second quarter as we kind of continue to get our feet wet across plans and get going on it. But we have started and hopefully it will be a little bit of driver for the growth for us in the back half of the year. Little bit, net patient adds will continue through Q3 by the timing those referrals came in, for example, June, and then those convert roughly a month or so later. Overall, the referral growth rate, it was a significant uptick from what we've seen over the last few quarters, and we have them put a number on it. But like I said, overall, it was pretty encouraging because when we made the investments to the commercial team, we were expecting it would take them, on average, six months or so to become effective. I think what we saw was because these are resources going into existing territories as well as this inside sales capability, the team has done a real nice job of laying out the roles and responsibilities of adding inside sales in. It became effective much, much sooner. On average, probably even a little bit better than that. Over 20% in Q2. Yes. Sequentially, we grew the gross margin 130-basis points in total. I will tell you that's pretty much all in the back of the OmniPod. We did a lot of work over the course -- the first half of the year, to really drive through pricing stuff through the supply chain to be able to gain further improvements. As Duane pointed out in his remarks, we have seen nine consecutive months of customer calls coming into our customer support group going down, which means we have been able to lower some warranty expense, as well as been a little bit of an increase in overall production. But basically, 130-point sequential increase, and all really on the back of OmniPod. Hi, Bob, it's Brian. Yes, a couple of things. Again, it's the summer season in Europe, which we all know is a lot of vacation time. As you can imagine, especially like in the UK over this past week, there's not a lot going on over there. So, I think its fair to assume Ypsomed has really not built very much inventory yet on the next generation OmniPod. Overall, sales levels from Q1 to Q2, probably pretty consistent, slight uptick in Q2, but not dramatic. On an overall basis, I would answer your question to say that if you look at what our US business did from year one to year two, back in the day, it effectively tripled. And we assume that the international business will follow that same suit, year one to year two from '11 to 2012. The majority of their markets that Ypsomed has really been driving, they are really now into their second full year with most of them either kicking off at the very end of 2010 or the beginning part of 2011. So, they have all, with the exception of Austria, which obviously just launched the last few of months, they've pretty much anniversaried those, and we'd expect that trend to continue. But overall, they have done a great job. And I think, again, we are expecting the pace of next generation OmniPod rollout in Europe to pick up now. Once we get into September and through the fall, and the goal is to have them all converted over by the end of the year. Ben, again, it's obviously a function of exactly when it gets approved and then how quickly we are able to start the rollout process. As Duane noted, a majority of our customers will ultimately reorder over the course of a three-month period. It's still reasonable to assume that that first quarter, upon a launch, will be the time that most folks move, and then the quarter after that is when we see the a majority of the gross margin improvement come through. Yes, no, Danielle, it's Brian. I think there are a couple of factors that were involved. Primarily, I would say it was Neighborhood and the timing of -- us getting the cross-selling opportunities up and running that we talked about on the last call. We basically got that started earlier in Q2. Keep that going. We think that's going to provide some momentum in the back half of the year, but it will take some time for it to build. As well as the change in the overall strategy to be focusing more on the payors. That's, I think when you take a look at it, the top end of our guidance for Q3 here, $57 million would get to -- would force -- to get the $225 million means we would probably have nearly a $70 million in Q4. And that was probably just a little bit too high. But overall, we feel very, very comfortable with the to $210 million to $220 million range. The good news, I think, with coming out of this quarter is a couple of things. One, very clearly we saw an acceleration of OmniPod in Q2, and it's clear that people aren't waiting overall. But we still believe some still are, too, right? We were really encouraged and I think excited by the level of referral demand that came in the door in Q2 and seeing investments in the commercial piece start to pay off. We're also very encouraged by the fact that we were able to start to build some gross margins and Q2, both in the back of the improved quality as well as just a lot of work we have been doing around through the supply chain. And what it does is, regardless of the timing of the approval or not, we think we are still well on track to be able to hit our goal here of getting to cash breakeven by the end of the year. So, from that perspective, it certainly takes some of the pressure off of trying to get everybody converted over by the end of the year and making sure that we could or couldn't do it. Lastly, by the fact that we have a little bit of additional time, I wouldn't underestimate the opportunity for us to be able to de-risk this transition. It just gives that much more time for us to make sure everything across the manufacturing, commercial, and operational teams is ready to go. You caught me in a soft moment last quarter (laughter). It's hard to back up again. Thanks, Duane. Revenue increased by 58%, $51 million in the second quarter compared to $32.2 million in the second quarter of 2011. On an organic basis, excluding the impact of the June 2011 acquisition of Neighborhood Diabetes, the OmniPod business accelerated in the quarter to nearly a 30% year over year rate of growth. We are seeing early returns on our commercial investments as referrals increase by more than 20% year over year. Revenue increased by $38.3 million, or 63%, to $98.8 million in the six months ended June 30, 2012 compared to $60.5 million in the comparable period in 2011. Gross profits for the quarter improved by 54%, $22.3 million compared to gross profit of $14.5 million in the second quarter 2011. Our gross margin was approximately 44% in the second quarter, an increase of about 130 basis points from the first quarter. The improvement is primarily result a result of higher production, favorable pricing of certain components in the supply chain and reduced warranty costs which ultimately drove the cost per pod below $14 for the period. For the six months ended June 30, 2012, gross profit increased by $14.5 million to $42.6 million. This represents an increase of 52%, as compared to the same period in 2011. Operating expenses for the second quarter were $32.9 million, compared to $29.5 million in the second quarter of '11 and $31.2 million in the first quarter of 2012. The year over year increase is primarily related to the addition of Neighborhood Diabetes. Sequentially, the increase was primarily related to the ongoing processes for the next-generation OmniPod and the additions to our commercial team in the first quarter. Operating expenses for the third and fourth quarters should return to approximately $31 million to $32 million per quarter as R&D costs normalized to around approximately $5 million per quarter. Year-to-date operating expenses were $64 million in the six months ended June 30, 2012 as compared to $50.3 million for the same period in 2011, with the change primarily due to the acquisition of Neighborhood in June 2011. We reported an operating loss for the second quarter of $10.5 million, compared to an operating loss of $14.9 million for the second quarter of last year. Our second quarter 2012 operating loss includes approximately $6 million of non-cash operating expenses, comprised primarily of depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation. Excluding these expenses, our cash operating loss for the quarter was about $4.5 million. Year-to-date, operating loss was $21.4 million for the six months compared to $22.2 million for the comparable period in 2011. We continue to believe we will be at or near operating cash breakeven by the end of the year. Net interest expense was $3.9 million in the second quarter of 2012 compared to $4.5 million in the second quarter of 2011. The decrease is mainly a result of one-time charges in connection with the refinancing of our convertible debt last June. Of the $3.9 million in interest expense, approximately $2.5 million was non-cash. Year-to-date net interest expense was $7.7 million compared to $7.1 million for the comparable period in 2011. We reported a net loss for the second quarter of 2012 of $14.5 million, or $0.30 per share compared to a net loss of $19.4 million, or $0.42 per share for the second quarter of last year. As of June 30, 2012, cash and cash equivalents totaled $70 million. As Duane noted, we are in the process of building our inventory levels to facilitate a smooth transition from the current generation to the next-generation OmniPod upon US approval. We continue to believe we have sufficient cash on hand to achieve operating profitability. As of June 30, we had approximately 47.9 million common shares outstanding. As we look to the second half of 2012 we are optimistic about our growth trajectory, especially on the core OmniPod business. Our referral pipeline has remained strong through July, and we expect that trend to continue. We have also positioned Neighborhood Diabetes for improved long-term growth by refocusing the sales strategy toward managed care accounts. As a result, we have adjusted the top end of full year '12 revenue guidance slightly. We now expect full-year revenue to be in the range of $210 million to $220 million. The bottom of the revenue range remains unchanged. We expect our full-year operating loss to be in the range of $32 million to $38 million, reflecting our results through the first six months of 2012 and our plans to be at or near operating cash breakeven by year-end. For the second quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $53 million to $57 million. With that, let me turn the call back over to Duane. Yes, I think Abbott looks like 1.7 in the quarter, and attrition actually stayed basically flat at right about 9%. Again, I think we probably were 10, 20 basis points favorable from last quarter, but basically no change.Let me just start with one of our priorities we laid out at the beginning of the year was to begin an overall program to improve the customer experience. It is not just where the calls are answered or answering calls, because actually I think we're doing pretty well making progress on that part. It is network reliability. It is the end-to-end experience to customer, each individual customer gets and what individual service they get and their feeling about that. It also has a lot to do with the work volumes, because we added 15,000 employees in the last 12 months or so or 18 months and getting the training and getting people settled in. I think we've made some good progress. It is early in the year. I think just all of statistics that we review constantly are all -- and the network engineering team is doing a great job. We've made lots of changes and improvements to our own internal way of operating. There's a lot of detail behind that. We, as you know, do something in excess of 300 million phone transactions a year and truck rolls and everything else. This is Brian. Let me just add one other point. The way we are -- that I take your point on the tremendous disparity between wins and losses in terms of units, I look at it another way. Rather than focusing on margin, I think you should look at how we're delivering multiple products and that we have been able to diversify the revenue stream. So this is not about basic video anymore. The real goals as we put the marketing plans together back to the first question about how we're looking at marketing, how we adjusted from the second half of last year to the beginning of this year, that is what has been able to take ARPU from $96 per average customer up to $107 in the last 12 months. And I view that as a pretty bullish statistic to be looking at in terms of your future prospects. Why don't I start, Jessica. Marketing was about 20% in the first quarter and we have a variety of messages going out. We have a campaigned called More More More, which really highlights the fact that we have a lot more high-def programming that people really want on our VOD servers. We are also doing a superiority message called the Slowskys on high-speed data. And increasingly we're doing double and single play promotional offers. So it is really a mix of all three, but we're spending about 20% more than last year. On Project Infinity, we really have two projects, and you might be linking them a little bit. One is interactive advertising, e-commerce -- we call that Project Canoe, so we have a lot of names. And Project Infinity is really designed to say taking that new wideband platform that you asked about, Steve just described, coupled with the storage costs and server capacities and all that coming down over the next couple years, are we going to be in a position to be able to credibly make the claim that you can go anywhere, any video you want on your television set or your PC, the best way to get it is through Comcast. So product superiority I think is something that we have to maintain, something that we have as of now, and that is why I think we had the kind of quarter we had. I think that is part of the marketing answer. And I think as we create those platforms and people begin to interact more and more with their television, as they now do with their PC, it puts us in a position to deliver an advertising platform and an e-commerce platform that across the industry, not just Comcast that will allow for targeted ads. The work that we're doing on the infrastructure side, getting the industry banded together, getting to 1000 high-def choices, adding VOD server capacity, standardizing the platform, all that is in the CapEx numbers that you're seeing and in the plumbing side of the business, and I think in my opening remarks, it is that duality of here and now -- what are the results, coupled with how do we stay focused on product superiority? Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased that we are off to such a good starch to mark the first-quarter results in the beginning of 2008. We made several changes since the end of last year and you will hear great detail from Steve and Mike about them. But taken in total, Comcast delivered healthy growth across almost every metric that includes revenue, operating cash flow, and free cash flow growth. We also had a very strong quarter for unit additions, particularly in high-speed Internet, where we added 492,000 subscribers, and Comcast Digital Voice, where we added 639,000 new customers in the quarter. In our last earnings call, we laid out financial priorities and we described a number of steps that we were taking to drive performance in a challenging economic and increasingly competitive environment. This first quarter's performance demonstrates that this operating strategy is working and we are confident that our outlook for 2008 is quite achievable. We are striking the right balance, focused on profitable growth while at the same time continuing to make investments in our network and in our products to improve our customer's experience. We believe this is absolutely critical to customer value proposition of our competitive advantage and the best way to create long-term shareholder value. In the quarter, we also continued to deliver on our commitment to return capital to shareholders. We invested $1 billion, repurchased 2% of our shares outstanding in the quarter, and on April 30, we made our first dividend payment of $185 million. The combination of strong free cash flow growth and continuing buybacks resulted in free cash flow per share of $0.23, up 64% from last year. Over the last 12 months, we have bought back approximately $3.6 billion of our stock and we are on track to buy back the remaining $5.9 billion under our share repurchase program by year-end '09. So in the first quarter, we executed strongly against every one of our goals. We remained laser focused on continuing to do that throughout the rest of the year. And with that, let me take you deeper with Mike Angelakis and Steve Burke to cover the numbers and to provide an update on our operations. Mike? I just want to conclude by saying I think we are off to a solid start. We will continue to stay focused on getting that balance right that Steve just talked about and the question implies which is how much on video? How much on other products? We've been spending a lot of time on product superiority. I think that's taking hold. More operating efficiencies and returning capital to shareholders. So we will talk to you soon. Marlene, thank you for a good call. Okay, on wireless there is really not much that we can say on any market speculation, but what I think we can say is that really our focus has not changed. We have consistently said that we don't believe we have a competitive disadvantage today in the cellphone business and the text messaging business that really our focus is down the road should we and will we be wanting to be in a position that we can extend services outside of the home, create new features that integrate, that are compelling to this consumer. To that end, we have hired some folks to help us in our wireless thinking and navigating through the variety of options that we can continually get thrown our way, but that we're going to be very disciplined and capital efficient, try to come up with structures if we do something that will make a lot of sense. Beyond that, I don't think there is much we can say. In terms of DOCSIS 3.0 in Minneapolis, I think it is really too early to tell. We're still at the stage where we're making sure that the technical side is working and we're not as aggressive as we could be with that product. In terms of high-speed in net adds, I think it was a lot of different things. The first thing that really struck me is the fact that 67%, 68% of our net adds came from DSL. And that number is up from last year and that number continues to climb. So what you're seeing I think is a number of people go from dial-up to DSL on a one-year or a two-year basis, promotional basis, and get frustrated with the fact that speeds are slower than cable and then come to cable. So that is the overarching good trend and we want to put our foot on the accelerator and accelerate that trend with DOCSIS 3.0. The second thing is we launched this economy tier which allows us now to compete and have a price in the market that is much closer to DSL traditional pricing. That is working really well and what's happening there is that we are getting -- the phones are ringing and again it is very similar to the double-play going to triple-play. The phones ring and half or two-thirds of the time you can get the person who is calling to go into a higher level package. So the economy tier I think is doing its job well. Interestingly, we have a product called Blast, which is a faster product than our flagship and Blast subscriptions are dramatically outpacing Economy. So we think we have the right trade-off there. The final thing is marketing. We're doing more single product messaging with the Slowsky turtles about high-speed data than we were a year ago. So all of those factors I think are what caused our high-speed data number to be higher than I think most people thought it would be.Okay. Good question, John will hit number two. Let me take number one. On the video programming deals, being that we're not, we never were, in the wireless business, for the most part I don't believe our contracts would cover them. But that raises the broader question, and one of the reasons I think Sprint sought us out is our relationship with the content community and the opportunity to add value. And I think one of the things we talked about yesterday, for those that weren't at the Sprint announcement, is really the creation of a third screen, as a possibility. And you heard Dick Parsons talk about it on the Time Warner call, and you saw it with the iPod announcement with Desperate Housewives. Our view is, and really I think a lot of it can certainly also be attributed to our great success with 1 billion streams, as Steve mentioned, in ON DEMAND. The television business is changing, and just as the music business before it has changed and is changing. And we, all of us, see the opportunity to be very protective of digital rights management, to have the content community feel good and secure in what is happening to the content at all times, but to create new opportunities that will allow all the distributors and the rights holders to create new revenue and new business models for customers. And you see this, and I believe the dam is open. We're very excited by the iPod announcement, and I think you will see announcements following on. The movies that Steve talked about for ON DEMAND, and so we will go back very quickly now, and begin a conversation on how can we take snipets, maybe full-time channels, maybe custom-made content. And I'd give one last point on this, because I think it's a very interesting area, if you were to ask yourself, for $0.99 you can buy a song and download it, and for $1.99 you can download 30 seconds of a song, which would people like more? And it's kind of amazing, when you step back and think that ring tones account for $5 billion of revenue, and iTunes is 1/10th or less of that. So the consumer behavior is sometimes hard to foreguess, or predict. Secondly, the wonderful new business that that represents to the music industry, rather than just a straight cannibalization of an existing revenue, but the creation of something that a generation is in love with, such as ring tones, creates, to me, in my mind, the real promise of a video ring tone. Not the actual ring tone, obviously, but the idea of is there another set of applications that you people would pay a small premium for, or an incremental charge, or have a new advertising model, or a new business relationship that can occur on wireless devices as they evolve over the next 20 years that will enhance the relationship that we today enjoy, and if you look at what happened with ON DEMAND, when we started out, we didn't have any content, we now have 4,000 shows, lots of movies, and wonderful -- every single category and every relationship with the content company we have, they all talk about ON DEMAND. So we think this is the beginning of creating a technical platform which will quickly follow it on with a relationship with the content and distribution community. Well, you're exactly right, we are getting a lot of DCT 2500s back. The first thing we try to do is keep them in the home as an additional outlet, so if a person has one or two boxes in their home you put a DVR box in, then you move the DCT 2500. Second thing we do is take it out and then reuse it. I think it's fair to say we haven't bought any or very few DCT 2500s for a long time. We're essentially now buying DCT 700s, which are the all-digital box, and then the DVRs. Just a point on the DVRs, what has happened to us this year, is that the demand for DVRs and hi-def boxes has far exceeded what we thought was going to be the case, and some of it is due to the fact that DirecTV is advertising DVRs, and that has a derivative impact on our business. Some of it is due to the fact that hi-def adoption is higher than we thought. We literally are being pulled by that demand to buying more boxes than we had planned. Now, that's a good thing, because when we do an advanced set-top box, let's say it's $400, we get $10 a month in revenue. So there's a nice return on that, and the customer is happy but it does have an impact on capital. Let me do them in reverse order. I think the initial testing in terms of the three-product bundle, really confirms the kind of sort of broader full-market rollout evidence from Time Warner cable and Cablevision. We've done this in very small sample sizes, but I think we're getting more and more convinced that a big part of our future is going to be managing the bundle in a very strategic way. As it relates to the digital set -- the advanced set-top boxes, during the quarter, virtually 100% of our digital adds were advanced set-top box. The demand started to take off in the beginning of the year, in the second quarter, and we kept saying was there a way that we can gate this demand, because it's just been so high, then at a certain point we said we shouldn't gate it. If we're getting the kind of return on, 25, 30% return on these boxes, let's keep rolling them out, a person who has a DVR that's loaded up with their programs is more likely to be happy with our service and everything else and stay with us than if not. So at a certain point during the year we said, okay, we're starting to run these overall variances, but it's the right business thing to do, and spending more capital that's going to get a return in the future is appropriate. I just want to make sure that that point -- it's an excellent point, I'm not sure it came through that clearly on this call. If you have an existing digital home and they then take a advanced box, it's not a net new add. Yes, I mean, to move the new RGU model, Jessica, when you're talking about millions of units, at some of these advanced boxes, at over $400 a box, just a slight shift in the take rate, again, I believe this is a high-class, welcomed situation which is to be able to have customers want our services, and we're kind of -- we're at the moment in time, a lot of the deals the last six months have been about trying to get multiple set-top box manufacturers to drive down the cost of these advanced boxes, and we have agreements in place that will kick in hopefully in the second part of next year that will begin to significantly bring down the cost of these boxes so that we can continue to sell even more and more units. But the more customers take these products, as Steve said, and take a bundle of products, the more successful we think we'll be in the years ahead, because these are recurring revenue, and you're putting the up-front capital in today, obviously we'd like that capital to be lower, and we're trying to find that balance. To the question, we're not going to speculate here on any potential AOL or any other situation such as that. We'd generally comment that the Internet is a growing area, advertising on the Internet appears to be a great value, if you get the right mix in customers and directed search, and we have more broadband connections than anybody in America. And broadband searches account for well north of, I think, 80% of Google's searches. So it's not inconceivable that companies seek us out to say, are there ways that we could work with Comcast. I think we're in a great position. We don't feel compelled to add anything, as you know, we talk and listen to every idea out there. And then to your comment about a significantly underleveraged balance sheet, everybody has different views of those words, but we still do have something like 22 or $23 billion of debt. These are large numbers. We are conservative, but we did take most of the -- as John said, or all the free cash flow and buy back our stock. So we, again, did not have to spend a lot of money on wireless. That was another element of the transaction that I think, we did say yesterday that among all the things we looked at was whether you want to build your own network or buy a network or partner with somebody, and for the right reasons, we had the flexibility, if we wanted to go and build or buy, but we chose willingly and happily to partner with someone who is expert at a business who is equally motivated to differentiate their product using our assets, and we're equally motivated to differentiate our products using their assets. And so again I think we're going to look for creative ways to successfully deploy our capital, but first and foremost is to give our customers value as we did this quarter. So if you look at satellite a few years, their platform may have had more features. I don't think there's any question in most people's mind that cable has a superior technical platform. Now we're talking about theoreticals with phone, perhaps we're -- that is happening slower and with less initial impact than some might have thought, and next thing people say is, okay, what about the Internet? Again, just for a point of view, I believe video over the Internet is a great opportunity for this company. And we are going to -- again, we have our -- our FAN had 30 million video downloads last month. We do like a million a day. We think that the faster your broadband, the more video works well, and that, frankly, again, I don't see the content companies wanting to just completely unbundle all of the cable experience to change the business model that is going to benefit so quickly and put their content into an unlicensed model. So there is a theft unlicensed world that we all should worry about, which is why we're so strongly supportive of content protection, and digital rights management, but I actually think it goes back to, and I won't do it again, the video ring tone. I think you will be looking for new models through video on the net. Some would call it the lean forward experience, versus television, lean back. Everybody we talk to is pursuing ways to, when you're sitting at a computer and you have different search capabilities, and I think television is going to continue to be different than PCs, and that broadband growth in this country can grow and continue to grow from here because of video, Comcast is going to be a big winner and we're going to try to make that happen. So again, some see the glass as half full. We continue to be quite optimistic. We just are changing the consumer experience and it's costing some money. We think it's great. People love it. It changes their television, and we're going to make those boxes cheap in the future. Long run, I think many, many percentage of Americans are going to have DVR capability in their homes. Okay. I'll take the wireless JV part. There will be -- it's not a virtual organization at all. We'll have more announcements as we organize and take shape on that. There's been a lot of work done for a long time by Sprint. They've been experimenting with the cell phone part of it. I don't want to minimize the quadruple play. Let's not allow that to happen. The marketing element of this alone is very interesting. There is a bilateral relationship between Sprint and each MSO, how aggressively you want to do that, it can be done MSO city by city, different offers. Very elegant structure, it's 50/50, so you are going to have to agree on that. We've agreed on how we would divide various discounts that if you take a four product bundle, a three product bundle, a two-product bundle, et cetera. The product road map for the next couple of years has actually been discussed in great detail. There's a number of products that Sprint has been working on, a couple that I've mentioned already on this call. There will be full-time people devoted to this, and we're -- as with everything, first you do the deal, then you start announcing the next phase of it, but I think there's a -- I think we said yesterday there will be products out in '06 that will -- that will be available off of Sprint's platform. The more important question I think is do you think it's governable and workable. And I guess what I'm trying to say is, having been in many ventures, maybe everyone starts out with the same optimism, but sometimes you just look at the structure and say, gosh this is awfully complicated. That's not the case in this structure. There is a quite unified cable industry of what we want. We have very workable governance between the cable companies, I believe. Then as to Sprint's agenda, again, it's to how best -- what do consumers want with this platform and whether it's communication services or television services or some of both, and I think that this is one of those, you build the platform, then there will be lots of people with applications. Yesterday I happened to be on a panel with Ed Zander, the CEO of Motorola, and the timing was quite interesting, people were asking Motorola about this, and his answer to a couple questions was, they have a different vision of exactly what the television part of it would be, and, Ed was saying, you know, you could take some of the shows off your DVR, which wouldn't take the whole show, just take the last inning of an exciting game, or you would automatically take letterman's top ten. Or different things that will be different ideas that people will have, but the wireless business, without a doubt, it was critical to offer our customers this possibility to migrate their experiences outside of the home. And I think we've accomplished that. In terms of the basic subs, we do, in a typical quarter, we do 1.5 or even 2 million connects and disconnects. So when you think of a cable company, you really need to think of, because of moves and everything else, lots of people coming in and out of the business and so it's very difficult to precisely tie it down to, okay, here are 23,000 people out of 1.5 million coming in and 1.5 million going out and a total base of 21 million. And the real driver, I think, is trying to manage your promotions so that you're not overpromoting, and overdiscounting, and so that you're trying to concentrate on moving people up to digital and growing your ARPU as opposed to deteriorating your ARPU, but I would guess that a lot of those people found a cheaper deal someplace else and left the fold. Good morning. We are pleased to report another strong quarter in the third quarter. We had 9.8% revenue growth in cable and operating cash flow growth of 13.9%, approximately 14%, consistent with the first two quarters of the year. We are once again having strong results across the board. This quarter allowed us to invest more than $1 billion in our common stock. We had no major other investment activity, and we were able to significantly increase our share buyback purchasing more than 25 million shares for $750 million. In effect, we invested all of the free cash flow, $723 million that we generated in the third quarter, into buying back our stock. In addition, we settled another $250 million of Comcast exchangeable debt. So since December 2003 when the Board first authorized post-AT&T our stock repurchase program, we have repurchased 2.7 billion, or 93 million shares, plus we have redeemed for cash 1.4 billion of debt, that was exchangeable into Comcast common stock, effectively removing another 47 million shares of float, bringing the total amount of recent repurchases to 4.1 billion. With more than 1.2 billion of remaining authorization we expect to review all possible uses of capital with our Board early next year as we continue to balance reinvestment opportunities with return of capital to shareholders while maintaining a strong investment grade balance sheet. The acquisition of 70% of Susquehanna cable that we didn't previously own is another clear example of finding compelling investment opportunities in cable. With identifiable tax benefits and synergies primarily in programming and overhead, we will effectively be gaining control of 225,000 subscribers for less than 6.4 times operating cash flow. On the business side, everything we are working on, whether in cable or content, is about improving and differentiating our products, extending our competitive advantage and increasing the value of our assets. We are really focused on innovation and differentiation as I have said before. And yesterday's transaction that was announced with Sprint, Time Warner-Cox, and Advance/Newhouse is another example of a transaction that helps to drive innovation, this time, of course, in the wireless space to deliver to all of our customers unprecedented opportunities of real-time high-speed mobility and access to content all in a single package. So let me quickly review the Sprint transaction, not to be repetitive but to point out certain key attributes. We have for a long time said that wireless is a potentially important fourth product line that we would like to explore. The agreement with Sprint is not just a wholesale or reseller arrangement. The initial phase will allow us to offer wireless phones as part of our bundle, and that's nice, but in my opinion, the power of this news is the coming together of both -- the many, many U.S. cable companies in America, and hopefully room for others, so that we have the makings of a national platform, unlike the set-top box business where we have differing standards from the beginning of going into wireless, if we could have a national platform we think that that could drive innovation. Coupled with partnering with a company with the technical capability of Sprint Nextel, six weeks after their merger, is a great statement of their focus on innovation with the cable industry and with Comcast for new products that will work on a wireless network. And yesterday we demonstrated some of the initial ideas of the products that might be available starting in 2006, and they range from communications products to entertainment products. And so on the communications front you can imagine integrated voice mail between your CDV, your Comcast digital voice, and your wireless phone. You can imagine bringing a smartphone home and having it use your Wi-Fi network in the house so you have great cellular coverage in your house but you don't actually go over the cellular network, giving great benefits to both the consumer and the cellular minutes that you wouldn't use and to the cellular company for reception, and at the same time, the beginning of application of entertainment products such as being able to look at programs from your digital video recorder, as we secure the digital rights, to programming your DVR potentially to actually having television right on a third screen. And I think it's the ability to innovate to this platform that will be a 20-year arrangement, a long-term journey, but a complete focus for our innovation plans to have a bundle and to have a partner that knows wireless, doesn't force us to go into a new business line, and at the same time, they're looking for us to be the entertainment and in-home communications piece, and I think it's a wonderful, natural alliance. So we also pick up the retail marketing between both parties and Radio Shack said yesterday that they are supportive of this, and we believe all of Sprint's retail locations will be demonstrating in Comcast areas, Comcast high-speed Internet, Comcast cable, digital cable, high definition, and Comcast voice. We will do the billing for our customers in the first year customer service, Sprint will own the wireless customers, and the cable company will own the cable and video and high-speed data and telephone part of the relationship. Why is that important? Well, I think it's very clear up-front, as we've done many, many partnerships, to try to come up -- and I think we -- I'm very, very pleased with the innovation in this deal structure and our deal department did a super job -- in allowing for a structure that there's not a new co-created that will create tension with its two partners. Instead, the new co here is really about driving the product roadmap, the innovation, and the marketing ideas, both one on one with each local cable company, and potentially national marketing as you develop national products. So we believe this is going to offer great growth in the future and we can talk about it over the months and years to come. Let me now kick over to John and Steve to take you through in detail the quarter. John. I don't think we can speculate on any conditions. I think it's premature. We certainly hope to get this deal through, and believe that we will. Well, look, valuation is an art, not a science, and different people can disagree at any one moment in time. The Company's actions in the last several months and really last period of time here is, as our business continues to generate free cash flow and continues to grow, our first priority is to put the money back into the business, be that of advanced digital boxes or phone readiness or software relationships and innovation, and secondly, we've chosen to buy back the stock in great quantity, I think more than any other company in our sector in the last year or so, certainly in the cable and some of the media companies. But the market obviously sees forms of competition in the future because they're discounting your current cash flow at what is probably a historical low on the multiple of our cash flow to our market value. That's the pure math. And it is -- I believe that the Company's responsibility is obviously to try to take advantage of that opportunity if it's there and finding financial plays and buying stocks and buying the Susquehanna and being able to take advantage of our synergy and find opportunities to create value if we're right about our future, and secondly, I think to continue to just remain differentiated, not be commoditized, point out that the sky is not falling, the grass is not greener, we are not going to allow any, if we can avoid it, any innovation to pass this company by. We're not just sitting there going to stand static. And yesterday's announcement I think is great proof of that. The ON DEMAND creation is proof of that. I think the success of phone around the industry is proof of that. And I think it will continue that way. This is an entrepreneurial industry. Can't reflect what will be a catalyst event, but I think -- it's amazing to me that we continue to hear about new technologies that are going to change everything and not really there, and yet this industry continues to march ahead. Steve do you want to add to that? It's a tough question to answer. The portal right now gets what I would call a very insignificant amount of advertising revenue, and we did that by design when we first launched the portal. We said, let's try to keep this an environment that had almost no advertising. We have a very small strip down the side, and of course we have a relationship with Google, so we get some derivative search advertising but we've noticed that consumers, particularly as it relates to streaming video on the Internet, are very tolerant of having ads at the head of a video stream, whether it's the ESPN 360 product, or MTVs broadband product, people are used to seeing a 15 minute clip, and we think that's a huge opportunity given the fact that the Company has 30 million broadband clips a month, and each one of those could be an opportunity to put an ad, and with the billion-plus VOD streams, we think there's an opportunity there as well. We're currently not doing either. We have a plan that we're working on to be able to do both of those streams in the next, say, six months or so and go out and start to sell those. Not on a dynamic basis. In other words, not inserting ads dynamically based on the person at the other end. That's going to take a little bit longer. But just putting ads at the front of those streams and we think that's a big potential. As to how that actually gets quantified and when that rolls through the P&L, we don't know, but it's a lot of eyeballs that currently we're not advertising to at ? One of the lessons from Google's success has been the power of aggregation, not just with their own network, but with working with others. And so consistent with the Sprint announcement, again, we're going to do that on a technology basis, the same thing can be said are there ways to aggregate this industry's broadband eyeballs and its future eyeballs, and as those eyeballs increasingly are exposed to video opportunities in sort of the next-generation of the Internet, there's a lot of discussion going on about how best to take advantage of that, and you're playing offense here, and it's a neat opportunity.Let me take a crack. This is Brian; and Michael, feel free to add. You know, we're not currently engaged in any activity on the systems that have been reported. They're in different markets than we are, but generally speaking, I would stand by the answer that I gave earlier on the call, which is I think we feel really good about the company. We've got -- we've got a lot on our plate. You can't look at any one business and not have a very financially disciplined approach to anything you do there. So I think we are -- very much have a plan for 2011 and beyond and we want to go out and execute it. Regarding Netflix and other OBD business models, I defer to them to talk about their companies. I think we should focus on what we are doing. We have a fantastic high-speed data business. I just want to underscore it hasn't really come up on the questions. In my opinion, a lot of discussion on the video side of the business and a great quarter there. But for me, to have more than 100% net add growth rate in the first quarter versus first quarter last year tells you something very exciting is happening in that space, and I think the team is doing a good job with the Xfinity high-speed data service. And I think it also presents business opportunities for us on the NBC side and the NBCUniversal side in terms of repurposing existing content. At the same time, we've been able to stretch our on-demand library by having catch up, which is I think is a breakthrough kind of product where you know as a viewer. Part of it is trying to create a sense of expectation that, if there is a talk show on television starting the next day, you can get it on demand and you can catch up with if it's a new show you discover, you get all the four episodes that are most current. So a lot of progress. And I think by having the mix of assets we have, we're in a wonderful position to benefit as the world changes. And some of that change won't always be great for one piece of the company, but overall in the totality of the Comcast shareholders, I think we're extremely well positioned as the world continues to evolve. Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. This is really an exciting time at Comcast, and I am delighted to report first-quarter results that mark a terrific start to 2011. Cable had an outstanding quarter, and this is our first opportunity to talk about the whole company, including the results of NBCUniversal. I think first and foremost, we have a lot on our plate. We're very focused. I'm thrilled with how seamless the integrations appears to have been. I give Steve tremendous credit. But I think we still have a lot of work to do and we know it. And secondly, I think we are disciplined. And everything that we look at has to go through, primarily, a focus on -- is it going to be a great return for our shareholders and better than other alternatives? And -- but I think we are very focused on what we got and I'm pleased it's such a good start.I think that we had something like over 52% or 55% of our last quarter's high-speed data gross additions coming from DSL customers. Now, there is certainly some people who leave us and go elsewhere. People just move. And I do not want to overstate that statistic. But clearly, if you look at Verizon's strategy, they are overbuilding themselves. There is good and bad to that, but clearly they too are making a bet that speed matters. So I think it is a wonderful position for us to have. As you know, we wanted to make a really loud point at the cable convention that we are not at the end of this speed experience; we are at the beginning of increasing speeds. Not that we were ready to commercially roll something out. We were not ready to price it out and give the business plan. But at the cable show, we demonstrated what you could do with just four television channels devoted to broadband. Today, we devote one. And by a technology called channel bonding -- pretty much like it sounds -- but the ability to then some sort of bandwidth manage within those four channels -- rather than having a four-time speed increase, to go from, say, 6 megabits to 24 megabits a second, we went to 160 megabits a second. Then you ask the question, what would you do with 160 megabits a second? What would people pay for that? All we did was we demonstrated the downloading of 32 versions of the Encyclopedia Britannica plus the Oxford English Dictionary, just to do it. And it took 3 minutes, 3.5 minutes. We did it live onstage, a real download. And today's technology, the best-in-breed cable, DSL, whenever you want to pick, would've taken about four hours. So to just sit there and dream about, well, we have a new platform coming, and your technology can do that by devoting four channels -- a very sliver of bandwidth -- I sit here and say, okay, we're doing the right thing. I just looked at our most recent television commercial yesterday, and it's just -- we are continuing to own the speed category, whether it is the slow-ski turtles or the Comcast [fast] labs. We are reminding the consumer that this is the best in breed, and there is really no claim coming that is going to disrupt that I can see. And we're going to keep widening that lead, and I think that is a great strategic place for the Company to be. Not particularly. I think there is no perfect answer to any new technology platform. I think that is slightly myopic. I worry about it, so I'm not saying it is not a logical reaction. But first of all, if it is going to happen, better that it should be from us. But frankly, I think the business model of how cable TV programmers make their money and how we consume television content, even with that amount of speed, is nothing close to what we --. If you actually take seven hours of television a day times the average American household and you multiply the bits to do that, it swamps the Internet by a factor of many, many thousands. I mean, it is not even on the radar of possibility -- at this time. But one would say, sure, someday maybe it could, and this is a road toward being able to give you more bandwidth out of your house. Again, if you go back to 10 years ago, 11 years ago, we demonstrated the first broadband modem at the same cable show. It was fun -- kind of scary -- to go back and see what life looked like just 11 years ago in the demo. The demo was to download one picture, and how it would take, on dial-up, several minutes. Very comparable kind of thing. So if you sit here and say, well, what happened the last 11 years -- did we do television on the Internet? We got that (inaudible) back at broadband -- around broadband 1.0. No, Google got created. Amazon went public. EBay happened. All these things that none of us were thinking about, the platform got created, and somebody said iTunes came along and figured out how to do some interesting things. So I think if you're just looking at television, you're missing the picture. I wish I knew what you would do with it or Comcast would go and do it, you know, and you would be the next Google. And hopefully we will do some of that. But as to television itself, cable TV, you've already got a satellite into your house. You have got a satellite 2 into every house. You've got many phone companies saying the next 10 years they're going to try and find a way to get video. We have got competition in video, and if the Internet comes and says we can do it too, well, they still -- ESPN wants to get paid on every home, not for every home that buys it. And that is this whole a la carte discussion. And so I think it is more exciting to imagine the possibility. And of course, we will eventually go to a world where the more you consume, the more you pay; the faster you go, the more you pay. It is true with automobiles. It is true with energy. It is true with cell phones. So if someone wants to consume something a different way and it is a unique experience and they want to pay extra for it, I think that is probably a good place for this industry to be. Well, I think we've seen a couple things on the Web. First of all, we do not just want to be a distributor. We did not take that view in cable when it came to television content, so we own E! and the Golf Channel, and we can or cannot talk about some of those. But we have made a lot of money -- QVC -- by meeting entrepreneurs or starting ideas ourselves that take advantage of cable. The same thing is true with the Web. When AtHome demised, we decided that rather than just turn it over to somebody else, to do it ourselves. And we created something called Comcast.net. We've spent about $100 million cumulatively for six, seven, eight years, and we just have secured revenues that over the next six years will bring in a total of at least $1 billion against that $100 million investment. And that has got nothing to do with all the strategic value of having all the -- 60% of our customers' e-mail accounts and a homepage where we can offer Comcast-like products. So we do think video is coming -- Web 2.0 is much more video-centric. I do not believe it is live television-centric. I think it is recorded television and broadcast and snippets and short form and just a different kind of consumption, whether it is U-tube or somebody else. And we said, you know what? This is the beginning, like there was of Google, like there was of Amazon, like there was of eBay. There is nobody yet that is the place to go for video. U-tube is the closest, but that is actually not what pretty much any of us want to do, with all due respect. I am sure there's lots of U-tube users, but you get an e-mail with the U-tube thing, you don't go on and play on U-tube all night long like our kids are doing. So we are actually try to build a site, as are 100 others, for not a lot of money, to be that place that customers want to go to to manage their television experience and their content. So we call it Fancast. We will be talking more about it later this summer and the fall when we launch it. But the media companies have now made a lot of content available through some of the new deals, NBC and Fox's relationship -- or announcement with CBS. And we're going to be there at the starting gate -- we and others, and we'll see how we do. We have some advantages that nobody else has. We're the only company that touches your TV and your computer, for the majority of our homes. So it's ability to someday be able to move content around, and to have it come through a company that can manage that for you, make it easy, obviously help you procure it; perhaps that is a role that we will build a nice something. We shall see -- try to manage expectations. But I am very excited with the development work. And again, it is a very small initiative in terms of dollars. Tomorrow. That's a joke. Thanks. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. At least on the increment. Until you get to scale -- we have not refined our numbers there, plus we have a lot of allocation of -- you know, it's one truck roll, one wire, how are you keeping score? But it sure feels like it could be. You said debt expensive (multiple speakers). Right. So you have got to start there and say, okay, some will have two; most will have one, of what you can do. And the question is can you spur enough innovation. That remains to be seen, whether there is enough usage so as the pie expands that you say, okay, whatever that increased competition is, it wasn't so bad. Now, in the video business, when satellite came along, there were days where everyone said, satellite is coming -- head for the hills in the cable business. And what happened? Bill Gates came in and invested in cable right at the bottom, and said, oh, my gosh, they are going to do all these data things. They're going to do IP. We didn't know what he was talking about. But we said, give us the money and come on in, and thank you very much. So we're doing the same thing now as a cable industry. We're out talking to every type of entrepreneur. The CEO of Google has said to me, your broadband is so fantastic, 70, 80% of all Google searches are done on broadband. There is a -- do I wish we had thought of that idea? Of course. But have we sold more broadband because of Google? Of course. And they're doing more Googles because of us. So how can we do that again and again and again? And I think going into commercial business, interactive advertising, targeted advertising. So I see the pie getting better. I do not see anybody -- it takes so much time, and I don't see these networks getting obsoleted. And that is a fairly safe assumption, that the bits on bits, home on home, bits on bits, year over year, with no expansion, same-store sales of bits per home, is up like 35% or 40%. YouTube, I think I've said before, is 4% of all our bits. It did not exist 18 months ago. So people want to consume more; wires are going to be fantastic. So if you get over that, I think it is a really -- sure, I would love it to stay exactly the way it is at some level, but that competition spurs you to go faster, do more innovation, and --. Take satellite and high-def. We're going to -- you know, we got all excited about data and phone, and somebody came along and said, well, the best high-def coming is going to be satellite. Well, that is not true, and we had to get out and prove that to the consumer. So we went out. First of all, we think our high-def, because we can do a better picture quality and we're not squeezing as much into their very limited bandwidth, which they cannot go take back 80 channels of analog; they do not have any analog. So we did a blind survey and two out of three customers -- their customers preferred our high-def picture quality. But we're going to have 800 high-def choices for you in about 18 months. Some will be channels. Some will be movies. Some will be shows on demand. But at anytime when you sit down and you push a button, you're going to have 800 high-def things to choose from. That is going to blow away satellite, in my opinion. But we got pushed by that, because that's what competition does. I think it very unlikely that we are not going to be able to keep innovating and having that high ground, and that is what has me excited. For the last -- we tried to show a chart at the investor day, the bullishness on the cable business. I know from time to time people have asked that question, particularly when we bid for business. And frankly, since that date, we have -- of course, the year before that date, we just had spent $60 billion to buy AT&T Broadband. So I do not understand that issue of how bullish are we on cable, because that is all we have been buying -- before Disney -- post-Disney, we bid and bought Adelphia. We broke up the Time Warner partnership and took half the subs. We added it up. It is like $15 billion of cable deals we have done in the last couple years. Plus, we bought -- I want to say 12% of the stock of the Company, which is basically a cable stock. So we have taken it from $20 billion of debt to $30 billion of debt, either by buying systems, breaking up partnerships, putting them on balance sheet instead of selling them, and buying our stock back. So my only thing is we are conservative. That's probably in some eyes of investors a fault. But I think the real job of management is to run the company to have a strategy that allows you to be having these high-class discussions, how can you goose your returns by buying your stock sooner and trying to trade on a market, and debt cheap and equity cheap and doing what you are talking about. And we're doing that in degrees, but we are constantly reevaluating all that and listening. But the fact is the main focus is how can we drive the cash flows higher so that we're in that position? We have not peaked in any market yet, including the market that has been at it for a couple years. And I guess the only comparable analogy to that would be high-speed data. We are in our eighth year of high-speed data. We will sell more high-speed data in 2007 than we did in any year in the Company's history. Yet one would sit here and say, well, the early adopters to broadband, so on and so forth. Now, it is slightly different, obviously. One is people were starting with 0% penetration as broadband when cable modems got started. But we are at something like 7%, 6.5% of owned penetration. To be having a conversation about slowing down is not conversation that I think we should be having. I'm not going to answer the last part of that question just because we do not do that. I wish I had a crystal ball perfectly. I mean, you have to make a lot of assumptions of what is going to happen to the revenue side business too. But your question is definitely -- the point you're making I do think is worth talking about. We are hiring 5000 people this year. We hired 5000 people last year, give or take. Our activity bubble is -- when you actually step back from, it's kind of stunning. You look at like a ten-year statistic of truck rolls for Comcast, and it's going like this. And you look at phone calls and it is doing this. And just the work that we are -- even the digital set-top box transition this quarter -- this quarter is going to be -- we told people this, that because you can put out a box without a card up until July 1, and we can't really use that inventory after July 1, we are having a going-out-of-business sale, if you will, on those type of boxes. We are doing more truck rolls. We have to get ready for the new boxes. Just the work around that is amazing, and the volumes associated with it. So there is no question that if you could just quiet the system down, we would take a lot of cost out of Comcast. You know, I don't know. I was talking with one of our investors earlier, and they said the cable investor has always suffered from some bipolar issues. That is not a nice analogy, but it is understandable to me, which is I think it is more to do with tomorrow's threat than today's reality. And whether that was satellite, government regulation, wireless one day, Internet, acquisitions -- I was asking the question, does every stock have this? If you were at the IBM presentation today, what would we be talking about? It might be much more granular and focused. We're really -- probably -- first of all, the answer is no, we're not. We only have a couple of markets, however, that have been at it long enough to be past that 10%, so I only say that we do not see any reason that that is going to happen. Obviously, intellectually, the more penetrated you get, the harder it gets. So I cannot disagree at some level. But take Boston, for instance. That is our number one biggest market. We are at 12%; parts of Boston are as high as 16% -- in other markets who are [first] markets or some of the AT&T markets. And we're selling as well -- I was just in Boston -- we're doing as well now as we have at any time. It's building on itself. Our capabilities, our installation capabilities, the quality of our service, the marketing message, now that the whole community can have the product. You have to remember, Comcast only has about 35 million homes marketable with CDV, our phone product today. That will go up to 40 plus million by the end of this year. So we're still adding new territories. People are learning how to sell the products. But we are pretty confident that the 2.6 million units that we do this year, which is what our guidance basically is. Last year, we did 1 million 4-ish. The year before, we did 200,000. Next year, we will be bigger. And I think if you look at our three-year statement or four-year statement, we hope to get to 20%, 25% penetration. We obviously are not expecting a big speed bump once we hit 10. You know, it is an interesting question we talk about all the time. Right now, we have made -- the decision has been made a little easier because we do share your view that the stock -- that there is a goosing to the returns if we can buy the stock rather than dividend. Some investors say they would like a dividend because they only buy it -- some pool of investors will only buy stocks with a dividend. We have not found that that has had too much -- as we have tried to analyze that -- that that's too clearly demonstrable. Either way, we have returned -- we have bought $2.5 billion of stock last year. And that could have been done differently, but with the stock going up 60%, I think we made a good purchase for the Company. That has to happen. We have to make that happen; I think it is a strategic imperative to the Company. Whether that is a one-year or five-year achievable milestone, I think there will be interim steps. As we have been looking at the technology to, quote, interactive advertising, to targeted advertising, whatever phrase you want to do, a couple of things have to happen. One, it would be really great if the cable operators could work together to present to advertisers one platform, one set of metrics, one Nielsen type data -- whether it's Nielsen or whomever. So CableLabs is undertaking a role in trying to do that. We had a lot of discussions about how to do that on our recent CableLabs retreat. As you look at different versions of what does that mean -- are you going to do zones for a community or is a one-to-one for consumer -- obviously, it will take longer until we can do one-to-one, and it will be not so long until you will see real work done on more and more zones. A lot of it is knowing what those customers' behaviors are to create the value to the advertiser. Obviously, it has taken the Internet a long time. So we've seen this explosion -- and we have had some false starts, but I think it feels very real this time. And money is humongous in real cash. So I'm looking at our deal, $1 billion. You see acquisitions. You see Google's MySpace. You begin to see real money changing hands. So it would suggest that the advertisers are getting comfortable not buying it the old way. I think that that, therefore, has bumped in my mind right after we roll out commercial phone starting next year. This is the strategic imperative for the Company to try to really galvanize the cable industry. And again, I think we're in a unique position. One thing you can almost bet. You can make your own model of what you think Telco TV is going to do or not do, or this, or our phone, whether second 10% is harder or easier -- we're going to touch more television sets than any other distributor five years from now, I think. And if we've seen what happened with broadcast over the last 20 years, regardless of whether the ratings were higher with some networks or lower with other networks, they managed to have the most dollars going to their medium because they aggregated the most eyeballs. If we can make interactive television happen, nobody will be able to aggregate more eyeballs to do it than the cable industry and Comcast. So is a great opportunity and one that we're focused on. Boy, what a great question. You know, we tried to say that we do not today see quadruple play in a way that we do not think we can't get there some other way than having to acquire a wireless company. It does not mean we are not going to make investments in wireless, like we did by purchasing Spectrum. It does not mean we don't want to make the Sprint partnership very robust and successful. We have made some progress in that. A couple of our executives now have the Sprint phone; they are really raving about it. Our Boston market is our first launch, and we've got something ironed out. We need to work on the backroom execution. We need it to be the same kind of machine that can crank out lots and lots of units the way we do in high-speed data and CDV. And it is not yet clear to me that that is the way consumers want to buy wireless devices, this generation of wireless. I don't know what more we can say on that subject. In terms of Yahoo!, there is no comment on Yahoo!. We're delighted to now be able to have them do our advertising for display advertising. But there is always going to be chatter about a big company that people are saying, oh, they are going to do this, they are going to do that. I think you have to start and say, are you feeling complete? Maybe that is the question to ask. And everything else has to be so good, so opportunistic, so better than what you think your existing business can provide for itself. I think big picture, as you call it, zoom out, let's take every statement, every bell made, and call it true. That is debatable. History would suggest that is not going to happen the way they say it is going to happen. But, okay. There's two high-capacity networks in and out of every home and then a one-way network called satellite. That is not a bad thing. How many people pick stocks? How many people make suits? In today's world, these are really complicated, hard networks. So the first question you've got to ask yourself is, well, will networks become obsolete? Will you be able to do all of this through a wireless device or some other way? If you talk to almost any engineer, including going into the bowels of the wireless industry, and the QUALCOMMs and the Motorolas and the Samsungs who make the infrastructure, they all will say, if you're going to 160 Mbps, we are not following you anytime soon, anyway, anyhow. 4G network, which maybe gets built someday soon, maybe for billions and billions of dollars of questionable return, people asking lots of questions, lots of static in the system, hope to get to 2 Mbps, 3 Mbps pursued. So many limited users -- too many users, it clogs right up. A minute of video is like 100 times more than a minute of voice. So I do not see any other way than these two high-capacity networks, and really one higher-capacity network, in our opinion, in a majority of American homes. Yes. Putting it in an eloquent way, yes. I think that even if it is not getting it while the getting is good -- because that presumes that the other side is really going to get it -- I do not want to be wrong about that question. And more importantly, if it did not have a 30% IRR, you would do it just to get there first. If it has a great IRR, you just do it period. Even if you could tell me today there is no change in the competitive landscape the next couple years, we would still do what we're doing today. It is just, why wouldn't you? How often do you get an opportunity to go up to somebody's house and when you leave the door, they spend $120 to $130 a month, and when you showed up, they were spending $90, or whatever the numbers are? And you invested $300 to do that. And you do not invest any more money and your incremental revenue -- your incremental EBITDA on that $30 or $40, if it is high-speed data or phone. Now phone, we have not got it all -- the costs worked down that we will we get to scale. When we are at 10 million phones and not at 2 million phones, we're going to be running a lot different company, just as we are in high-speed data. We have taken hundreds of millions of dollars of cost out of the high-speed data business as we've scaled up to 12 plus million customers. Same thing is going to happen to phone. But either way, there is no programmers. There is no variable cost, quite the way there is in the video business. So the incremental EBITDA contribution should be higher than in incremental video. So that's an easy statement -- easy bar for us to achieve. Phone has interconnection costs, number portability. But as we get more and more phone customers, we're going to connect them to each other, hopefully connect them to other cable companies. And as this thing gets bigger and bigger, it is going to get higher and higher margins, lower and lower costs running it. So I think if you can make a onetime investment and have recurring revenue, that is what was appealing about cable TV for my father in 1962. That business model is so much more attractive than every day you have got to wake up and sell somebody. Well, we have an agreement through the end of the year, but we are making progress on those discussions. You said we did a deal with Yahoo! video. Let me just clarify. We did really more of a display deal for Comcast.net. There is something going on on the Web. Obviously, we all can pick up the paper and see all the advertising firms getting bought by Yahoo!, Google, Microsoft. We are a beneficiary on one part of our Company, and I think we and everybody else are feeling the effects in another part of the Company, and that is simply that traditional advertising, where you broadcast it locally, is not as robust as it has traditionally been. And a lot of that money is going to this Internet medium, and that is one of the reasons we're trying to build Web sites and pick up some fair share of that money. All I can tell you is it was a nice place to be, between some of these companies, as they are trying to fight for market share using our eyeballs that we can deliver. Since we touch -- we have about 12.5 million broadbands -- by having a Comcast.net that we bolt on before we leave your house -- you can change it with one click or two clicks -- as your homepage, about 60% keep it. And we have given you a good experience. So we do 1 billion and plus searches a year and we do so many -- our stats are we're one of the top ten most-used sites for video. And there's many interesting stats that we've got with Comcast.net, and people enjoy the experience and we have a nice portal. As we shift that or create another site, we now have multiple deals that will allow us to monetize at best-in-breed monetization rates by partnering with various companies that right now are all aggressively trying to grab market share. And so there is a good place to be. Thank you, Brian. You know, we're probably in our fifth or sixth quarter of triple play, so it really -- it has transformed the whole company. Basically, it allows us to get $120 to $130 average revenue per customer. We advertise $99. The amazing thing about it is people feel so good about the value that they're looking to upspend, whether that is HBO or DVR or high definition. The RGU growth in the first quarter of 1.8 million units was 60 some percent higher than the first quarter last year. Last year, it was 16% higher -- or 80 some percent higher than the year before. With our stated goal to sell 6.5 million net RGUs this year, really 7 million gross because of the [CDP], the circuit phone. So the reason we say the gift that keeps on giving is it is powering revenue, it is powering cash flow growth. It is having our customer satisfaction go up; our new sell-in rates are higher. There is almost nothing not to like. And yet, I have to tell you -- and it just shows you you get so close to something -- the decision to do triple play was actually a hard decision. In hindsight, it looks like -- how stupid were we? But I give Cablevision a lot of credit. When they first rolled it out, a lot of people in the cable industry said, wow, that's a huge price cut. Wall Street Journal put it on the front page, one of the lead stories as news of the day, that this was going to change -- this was the beginning of some giveaway. When in fact, it is really a way to sell telephone and at an incredibly -- increasingly accelerated pace. So I am very excited about it, and net-net-net, our cash flow will be -- at least 14% is the guidance we gave. I can comfortably sit here and reaffirm that, sitting here in the beginning -- almost getting close to the end of the second quarter. And that is one of the -- if you were to rank the last 25 years of Comcast, this will be the lowest rate increase and maybe one of the highest apples-to-apples cash flow growth rates. So that has to tell you something about the inherent strength of the business. I think your thesis -- at the 50,000 foot level, we're excited by the same thing you see. I think a lot of investors are, which is make any assumptions you want, it looks like you are going to have a growing free cash flow machine. That is not what solely drives how we are operating the Company, hence the discussion of RGUs. But directionally over a five-year period -- whatever the number you want to pick -- seven years, three years -- we generate a lot of free cash flow. And what our last four years or so has demonstrated is that our first priority is to put it back in the business what we think are good, prudent investments to allow that machine to just get ready to crank it out and keep cranking it out. And our second priority is if we can find new things to invest in, like SIM, where you can put $100 million in and take $1 billion out, and you can only do that because you're Comcast, because you're in a unique position to do things like that, that the public investor cannot do on their own because they do not have that machinery. And then the third has been to buy the stock and return the capital, and do it in a way that hopefully is accretive to all the rest of the people who want to stay in this stock. And so that is what we have done and I suspect that is what we will do. The only tension has been should we borrow ahead of that story and buy it now or wait and do it as you go. And what we've said is, when you have $30 billion of debt, it may seem underleveraged to you, but there have been times when Wall Street turns off the spigot on financing and turns the spigot on. John has done a super job of redoing our balance sheet, and with this strong balance sheet, we've been able to lower our interest costs substantially and lengthen our maturities. We've borrowed over $10 billion in the last 12 months or so. So it is not like we're not doing it; it is just a matter of degrees. But I think directionally, it is hard to see how this Company does not continue on the track that you're sort of referencing, and it is a very exciting prospect. I think we will be focused on buying back the stock. Well, at our investor conference, which some of you either came to or watched, but probably not everybody in the room, we had a pretty, I thought, excellent -- because I had just see it right before -- recently put together for that conference, was our new Chief Technology Officer and our head of network operations stood up and sort of said, here's four different ways we can create more bandwidth, none of which are fiber to the home. And we believe more bandwidth -- to be able to do -- I don't remember the exact number -- 100 and some odd channels of high-def TV, 150 Mbps, 50%, 30% phone penetration -- all the things, whatever assumptions you wanted to make, and you could move it around -- and the plant has wonderful capabilities to allow us to do that, which is just not the way it was for the last 30 years, where you just had to rip it up and throw it out and start all over with rebuild or a new build. You can split nodes. You can do switched digital video. You can do bandwidth reclamation by having more digital boxes and then taking back the analog. At the overarching, most simplistic way to look at it, we have an 80-channel analog service that if it went all digital would take up eight channels. That means there are 72 good things waiting to happen. And then if you use the newest compression on the 72, whether that is MPEG 4, you basically have 1000 more channels potentially coming our way. You don't need them all right away, so just go get them over time, very gradually, without a massive expenditure. What is driving up our capital is there is more usage of the Internet than we -- than anybody has anticipated. That has caused us to have a surge in broadband take rates. We did not expect that we would sell more broadband in 2007 than we did in any other year. We are exceeding our digital rollout. High-def TV going all digital. Every one of these things -- DVRs, DVRs are surging, and we're having trouble keeping inventories. Every time we put a DVR out, it doesn't even show up as an RGU, because DVRs, if they're already a digital customer, we do not double count it, just because they spend $10 more a month or whatever. All of this capital that we're putting out, we believe has around a 30% compounded IRR. So fair question, but not what is driving at least now or what we think will drive the future. It is simply demand driven. It is a time-to-market advantage that we have. We made a decision, and I thought we expressed this throughout last year, but obviously not as loudly as we could have, which is we saw demand taking off; and we said, if we have to choose between free cash flow growth, EBITDA growth, or RGU growth, we, management, believe we have a special moment in time and that the IRRs are there, that we're going to step on the pedal and go for RGU growth. And I think we're going to continue on that track. We think 2008 -- it is awfully early to be talking about 2008 -- but we think we're going to be able to grow again where we are at. When you can sell 7 million -- we have a base of 24 million video subs -- 7 million new products in one year, and you can do more than that next year and you only did 5 million last year and 3 million the year before. We are transforming ourselves -- it goes back to the first question about triple play. Something is happening. We really like it. I have to do a better job of getting people to be as enthusiastic about why we're doing this. But it is not driven off the defensive, oh, my gosh, we have got to rebuild just to hold our turf. That is not what RGUs are all about.Let me take a shot at Twitter. I think our mandate is to try to be innovative and lean forward and try to find new ways to experiment. And in the case of Twitter and in others, we want to promote live television -- that is really good for NBCUniversal. We want to have more advertising inventory that we can monetize. At the same time -- and you access live content through other means than just starting with our guide. And all of these things are things we want to try. Whether that will really move ratings, I think we don't know. We are going to try to do a lot of initiatives. But I think it is important that we try to lead and that we try to experiment and innovate, and this is a great example of that, and hopefully it will be really successful. Also, on a tough note, want to acknowledge yesterday's announcement by Glenn Britt about his health. On behalf of all of us at Comcast, the industry and his many friends, we just want to wish you, Glenn, the best as you battle that tough disease. Okay, Marlene, over to you and thank you. Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. I am really pleased with our results this quarter and so far in the first nine months of the year. We have real momentum across all of our businesses, reporting strong revenue growth of 5.2% and cash flow growth of 10.5%, when you adjust for the Olympics and pension termination costs. We also generated free cash flow of nearly $2 billion, a record for the third quarter. Cable continues to execute really well, with solid financial and customer results. In the third quarter, we added 337,000 combined video, voice and Internet customers, a 15% increase from last year, once again driven by really outstanding growth in high-speed Internet and voice and stable performance in video despite a larger competitive footprint. We continue to focus on delivering the best and most innovative products and on providing more value to our customers, all backed by a compelling brand message that attracts customers and potential customers alike. In fact, our XFINITY brand metrics continue to move up. Brand consideration reached its highest level this third quarter and we have grown the rate at which noncustomers would consider purchasing our services by 70% since we launched the XFINITY brand. In high-speed Internet, we are delivering some of the fastest speeds across devices both inside and outside of the home. We have installed more than 6 million wireless gateways in our customers' homes and expanded our Wi-Fi coverage to now more than 350,000 hotspots. In video, we recently expanded our partnership with CBS, adding to our already substantial on-demand choices and giving our customers even more opportunities to catch up and stay current with a bigger selection of shows. Real progress has been made in this last year, and customers now have access to the most comprehensive video experience, no matter where they want to watch, with close to 50,000 on-demand choices and more than 250,000 streaming options, including the full current season of more than 200 television series from all major networks and nearly all of the top 50 rated shows on television. And customers love all this choice, as they have viewed on-demand 30 billion times in the last 10 years and watch on-demand 400 million times a month, on average. Just like we have transformed our video offering by expanding our content choices and deploying all-digital, we believe the X1 platform now represents another step function in the evolution of our service. X1 is deployed in more than 90% of our footprint, and by year-end, it will be available everywhere. Based on the early positive customer results and the attractive returns of X1, you will see us accelerate the pace of deployment to customers and maintain the fast pace of innovation as we deliver X2 and integrate even more apps and new features. NBCUniversal also delivered solid results in every one of its business segments, with healthy growth in revenue, and when you adjust out for the Olympics last year, this is the fourth quarter in a row of double-digit cash flow growth. So far, we are off to a great start with NBC early-season leadership in Broadcast Television. For the first five weeks, including and excluding sports, NBC has grown in ratings and is the number one broadcast network. The Voice, Sunday Night Football and now The Blacklist are all helping to power this improvement. Our film studio has enjoyed tremendous success from Fast 6 and Despicable Me 2, and we have had steady growth in all of our Cable Networks and the Theme Parks as well. Even more impressive is that these businesses have grown cash flow by more than 50% since we announced our acquisition in 2009, while making significant investments for the future. I could not be more pleased with the progress and see lots of growth ahead. We are also excited about the Winter Olympics and expect that this will once again help support all of the Company's momentum, as it did in London. And all parts of Comcast NBCUniversal will be behind the Sochi Olympics, and then just a few months later, we will do it again with the opening of the much-anticipated Harry Potter 2 in Orlando. We are constantly looking for new and varied ways to innovate. One recent example is our announcement with Twitter, which combines our technology platform and our content. We will debut in November a new feature called See It that in effect creates an online remote control. We believe this new feature may help drive Twitter users to live TV and also give NBCUniversal another way to add to our broad array of programming assets with its advertisers. So as you can see, we are executing really well on so many different businesses. And with this strong quarter and first nine months of the year, we are really optimistic about the future. Let me now pass to Michael to cover the third-quarter results in detail. Before we do that, actually, Michael, I just want to jump in here and say thank you to Marlene. This will be her last Investor Relations call. As many of you know, she is happily moving inside the NBCU family and joining NBCUniversal to help lead our Hispanic entertainment content efforts. Believe it or not, this is Marlene's 68th earnings call, and she has done a fabulous job, and on behalf of all of us, Marlene, thank you. Okay, let me just quickly start and turn it over to Neil. One last point -- Brian here -- that I think draws it all together, it may not be totally about set-top box data, but about our experience now as one company. By having more on-demand, consumer behavior, we are beginning to see a lot of statistics where people know they can get a show, so they don't need to record it. That is in the interest of the programming side of the company and that is in the interest of Cable because of our robust two-way platform versus other platforms. And then if you have X1 as the way to be able to navigate and know what is on demand, it all comes together. And eventually get to advanced advertising or working on joint initiatives between the two companies -- two parts of the Company on that as well. So a lot of good things around that area that are happening.I just want to add, I agree, Jessica. The way you asked the question I think is inherently that these businesses are bullish and that there has been a good 18 months. I think I would concur. Thanks, Michael. So, last week marked the six-month anniversary since the closing of NBCUniversal. I think it is a perfect opportunity to hear from Steve Burke on how he is feeling. Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. Today I am pleased to report that we achieved strong operating and financial results for the second quarter in Cable and at NBCUniversal. These results demonstrate our operational focus while also speeding up innovation and investing in content to strengthen our brands and our franchises. So let me begin with Cable. In the second quarter, revenue was up by nearly 6%; operating cash flow increased by nearly 7%; and Cable generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow. Customer additions for our combined video, voice, and data services increased by 18%, continuing the trend of improving year-over-year performance even in a seasonally weak quarter. Our high-speed Internet service was once again one of the real highlights and was the largest contributor to Cable's growth this quarter. The second quarter marks the eighth quarter in a row where we significantly outpaced the net additions of our competitors. This is due to strong execution and expanding differentiation between our high-speed service and DSL. Business Services was another significant contributor to Cable's performance in the second quarter, with 42% growth in revenue. This business has solid momentum and we are continuing to build its capabilities for future growth, including expanding Metro E! services to 20 of our major markets. We also made steady improvements in our operating performance metrics, marking another quarter with better customer retention and service scores and higher customer satisfaction. We have real operational focus and are making our service and the overall XFINITY experience the best in the business. As we continue to use our scale to our advantage, we are delivering new products and faster integration to our Cable customers. Our current and future services represent an exciting new product roadmap that includes higher-speed Internet, a growing array of IP and cloud-based applications, new offerings like XFINITY's signature support, and new lines of businesses like home security. And soon, working with Skype, we will also begin to offer a new high-definition video calling experience right to your television. What is particularly exciting is the leverage we are gaining from the previous significant investments we made in our network. So it is easier and faster now to drive new technologies and product innovation. I believe all of this, together with our initiatives to transform the customer experience, is generating results and helping us make sustainable improvements that will continue to yield benefits. So let me now switch to NBCUniversal. As you know, our over-arching goal for NBC and Universal is to build long-term value. Yes, there will be some hits and misses and a bit more volatility; but I continue to believe that our timing was just right as we have benefited from a much stronger advertising market since we signed the agreement, and your seamless integration, and mostly the continuing strength of many of their businesses, particularly the cable channels with their wonderful brands. We had a busy quarter. We invested in lots of new shows in both Cable and Broadcast. We extended our NHL rights. We purchased the other 50% of Universal Orlando and brought together all of our Company's capabilities in a successful and, I think, important bid for the Olympics. Our Olympic rights now stretch over a decade and extend to all technology and media, however they may change, through the year 2020, giving us a real opportunity to build out the network and cable and digital capabilities of NBCUniversal and to make the Olympics profitable for our Company over the term of this new agreement. Even as we invest, NBCUniversal's second-quarter financial results highlight the health of its businesses with double-digit revenue growth in each of its segments and 19% operating cash flow growth, when you exclude accounting adjustments related to the acquisition. So, all in all, I am very pleased with our financial and operating performance so far this year. We are making real progress on all fronts. We have strong recurring revenue businesses. We are focused on operational excellence, and we have a disciplined investment approach that is yielding positive results and will continue to build value. With that, let me now pass to Michael to cover the second-quarter results in detail. Thanks, Steve. Before we turn to your questions let me just turn to Neil Smit, who has now been running Comcast Cable for over a year. Neil, how are you feeling about the business? Well, I think we are pretty focused inside the footprint, and with 50-million-plus homes having all the products that we have to sell I think we are -- we agree with your assessment that there is more demand, more desire for new devices. One of the reasons to invest in NBCUniversal was to have products to sell internationally and throughout the entire United States. So we have that today through NBCUniversal. But I don't think there is yet a business model that we have seen that returns to our shareholders -- where you have relationships with customers that way outside of our footprint -- that we can make money. We had some free On Demand product with Fancast. It did not prove profitable. We have now remade that into XFINITY TV, trying to make TV everywhere happen, where we have the content relationship and the customer relationship, and extending that to all devices. That is our focus for now. Yes, I just would like to end the call then and just say I think it is -- look, these are the second quarter, it is steady here for the first few weeks, but a lot happens in September, so it is hard to tell. Obviously there is economic news on the horizon that has rattled some of the markets yesterday, and we just all have to see. That being said, I really believe we got a plan, we're executing well. I am really pleased with how well both businesses are performing.Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today on this conference call to discuss Grand Canyon's 2013 third-quarter results. Speaking on today's call is our President and CEO, Brian Mueller; and our CFO, Dan Bachus. This call is scheduled to last one hour. During the Q&A period we will try to answer all of your questions and we apologize in advance if there are questions that we are unable to address due to time constraints. We've reached the end of our third-quarter conference call. We appreciate your time and interest in Grand Canyon Education. Who still questions, please contact either myself Dan Bachus or Bob Romantic. Thank you, very much.I think the most appropriate thing for us to do right now is stick with the guidance range, $90 million to $100 million. We are certainly comfortable with the range to be able to come out with it today, and we will continue to update it as we move forward here throughout the year. Yes, effectively, everything is basically flat, so no real changes from where we have been. The starting kits tend to be around $600 and the Pod still continues to be right around $28. Some of it, depending on the level of distributors in the quarter may influence that number up or down slightly, but $28 is a real good number to use. From a managed care contract perspective, I mean, there are always more contracts to get, so it's a never-ending process there. But certainly from all the big plans that we have talked about in the past, we feel good about, either that we have a direct contract in place or we have a distributor that will help us be able to fulfill that order for a patient. So, I think we are doing a pretty good job there. I don't feel constrained at all from a backlog perspective. I mean, we certainly have a backlog of referrals just as the pipeline continues to grow, but from a processing paperwork perspective or so, I'll knock on wood as I say it, but I feel like those issues for us are in the rearview mirror and we are driving forward. Vivian, I'm sorry, we can't hear you. Yes, we did see a little bit of a decrease in the first quarter. We were about 9.5%, 9.6% in Q4. In Q1 we were annualizing out to 9% even. So, we saw about 0.5% increase. I am pretty happy with that number given the fact, if you think about the economy, we have seen patients here in Q1 dealing with things with their plans, such as higher deductibles and just changes in their overall medical levels of reimbursement. So, I think seeing a decrease in the attrition rate given that fact is really strong for us. I think where we are is, I think there are five -- and don't hold me to the exact number -- but I believe there are five [DMARCs] in Germany. I think we already have approval, or Ypsomed already has approval in a couple of those. So, I think we are in pretty good shape to get there, and I think we have approval -- I believe we either have approval or we are awaiting imminent approval in the UK. Bill, I would have to get back to you on the number of docs and that type of thing. I will tell you that one of the things that we are working on diligently is understanding region frequency throughout the sales force. And what we can see is the number of guys that are providing a significant amount of business to us is continuing to grow, which is driving this growth obviously. While we think the opportunity in front of us is still significant, I mean, we really think it is significant, and we think there are a lot more docs that have given us a couple of orders, and then they are seeing how we behave and how we produce there. And one of the reasons we are hiring these CSs is it really helps back up the sales guys, sales guys become the hunters, and these guys continue to develop the practice for us. So, we see some real significant opportunities there. In terms of the number of docs and stuff, I just don't -- I would be making it up if I gave you a number, so I don't have it. And, Bill, just a reminder on the Abbott revenue. When you are comparing Q4 of '09 to Q1 of 2010, keep in mind that in Q4 of '09 there was $1.2 million, maybe $1.3 million of Abbott revenue, Abbott upgrade revenue that was in the Q4 number that doesn't repeat into Q1. That is kind of how we are looking at it at the moment. Thanks, Bill. Hi, Danielle. How's it going? $1.1 million of Abbott revenue in the quarter. Well, a lot of it depends on, frankly, the gross margin, as you well know, and a key piece of that for us is just how quickly the transition happens with the second generation Pod as we move our way through 2011. So, that key piece of it, I would frame it as we are continuing to target kind of the middle part of next year as the point where we think we can get to an operating kind of cash break even. Yes, absolutely. That is accurate. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2010 conference call. I am Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined in the securities laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, and are making this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects which are based on the information currently available to us and assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the Company's potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the Company's press release issued earlier today, and in the Risk Factors section of the Company's SEC filings, including the Company's Form 10-K of the year ended December 31, 2009. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would also like to remind you that the guidance we are offering today represents a point in time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of this call, as well as today's press release at myomnipod.com in the Investor section. And now I will turn the call over to Duane. People will have to (inaudible) numbers a little bit on the revenue there, but roughly that is where it is. Yes. No, I mean, that is certainly not the plan, right? I want to bring -- if the referrals increase by 20%, I want to bring the backlog down. I want to continue to convert them faster and faster so that is absolutely full. And there are always things we can be doing around systems. As we find plans, learn more about us and how to work, how both sides work better with each other, it gets easier. So, compared to a year ago, you know, some plans that were probably trickier for us to deal with, they are smooth now. And then the new ones come on and we kind of have to work out the process. But I think the team has got a good process in place on how to do that and how to kind of move these things along in a timely manner. No, I mean, I think profile-wise, it is probably -- gross margin will be a little bit better for us, but, again, in terms of magnitude, in the Q1 revenue number we are talking less than $100,000. So, it is a small amount here. They kind of kick off this process. That is why we have been pretty consistent throughout that this is a lot more of a proof-of-concept, and see how well they launch and you learn from this as it starts to commercialize, as compared to being a true big revenue driver for the business in the near term defined in the next couple of years. We are not guiding kind of quarter-by-quarter, but I absolutely believe we are going to increase gross margins in Q2. So, I think we have done a good job with this plant shutdown and being able to kind of manage our way through inventory levels, to be able to continue to grow our gross margin. So, I absolutely expect an uptick next quarter as well. So, 50% was basically a year-over-year number for 2009 compared to 2008. As Duane noted in his remarks, we saw our 20% uptick in referrals year-over-year in Q1. Q1 versus Q4 tends to be kind of flattish just given the seasonal impacts of the business, and we certainly think we are going to continue to see productivity grow throughout the remainder of the year. Added revenue was $1.1 million in the quarter, and deferred revenue off the balance sheet was -- we're sitting with $4.5 million deferred as of March 31. Yes. You know, consistent with last year, I would say that January was a very slow month and it just seems to be the nature of it. And then we have seen momentum increasing every month since. Sure. So, we added a dozen clinical service reps in the quarter. We have at this point 51 territory managers and 48 or 49 clinical service managers. So, basically a one-to-one ratio, 100 people effectively in the field. A little bit more than that including the management. Our expectation for the year is, as we previously discussed, we may add a couple more territories as we progress, but we are strategically looking for the right places to add those territories. No plans at this moment to truly expand the force in some really meaningful way. Thank you, Duane. First quarter revenue increased by 67% year to $20.8 million as compared to $12.5 million in the first quarter of 2009. As we previously noted and consistent with the prior years, Q1 tends to be our slowest quarter as many of our new patient adds from late last year defer their training until Q1, and do not reorder until the second quarter. With our recent investment to add clinical service managers to the commercial team, we are confident that the productivity across our sales force will grow throughout the remainder of 2010. Gross profit for the quarter increased by 320% to $8.4 million, or 40% of revenue as compared to a gross profit of $2 million, or 16% of revenue in the first quarter of 2009. Despite the planned shutdown of our facilities for a period of time during the quarter, we were able to add 400 basis points of gross margin as compared to Q4 2009, and are on track to reach a gross margin of 50% by year-end as we are able to take advantage of volume-driven economies of scale and price discounts. Operating expenses for the quarter were $19.1 million as compared to $19.5 million in the first quarter of 2009. We are pleased that we have been able to keep operating expenses relatively flat while significantly growing the revenue line. With the launch of certain international markets with Ypsomed this quarter and the ongoing development and regulatory work related to the second-generation Pod, we do expect operating expenses will rise slightly in Q2, but should stay at about $20 million. We are reporting an operating loss for the first quarter of 2010 of $10.7 million as compared to an operating loss of $17.5 million for the first quarter of 2009. We reported a net loss for the quarter of $13.9 million, or $0.37 per share, as compared to a net loss of $19.6 million, or $0.71 per share for the first quarter of last year. As of March 31, cash and cash equivalents totaled $118.3 million as compared to $128 million at December 31, 2009. We used $9.2 million in cash from operations in the first quarter, down from $9.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. Finally, turning to guidance, for the full year 2010 we are maintaining our expected revenue range of $90 million to $100 million, and our expected operating loss of $30 million to $40 million. For the second quarter we expect revenues to increase to between $22 million and $23 million. With that, let me turn the call back over to Duane. Yes. No, I think as we look at it overall, some of the marketing spend, timing, a lot of it -- a little bit is around the timing of hires of this dozen people that we brought on into the field organization in Q1. I think we are doing a pretty good job of just being able to kind of control overall spend and just being able to target the dollars to the things that are really driving return on investment. I think about the second quarter, I noted a little bit in the remarks that we are launching Ypsomed this quarter, so we are going through translation, we are going through the marketing material that they require, which is driving up OpEx a little bit. And we are also spending time here in the second quarter in costs on regulatory process and other things to be able to get the second generation Pod to the FDA, hopefully that 510(k) submission in the third quarter. So, those will uptick overall OpEx a little bit in Q2 to probably $20 million, give or take. But I think both of those things, then, kind of subside back down as we get into the back half of the year. So, we are still very much targeting this idea of $19 million to $20 million of OpEx per quarter and don't really see a reason to have to move from that. Couldn't get much worse.I just want to add one point before, Mike, you say something on that on the financial side. The All-Digital transformation is going really well, and it kind of relates back to that last discussion as well. We are taking the leadership and taking back a significant portion of the bandwidth, re-converting it into more high-def channels, more ethnic channels, more bandwidth for DOCSIS and hopefully future-proofing the Company as we go All-Digital. At the beginning of doing that, there was great consternation in this Company and by others that consumers wouldn't like it because you have to have some sort of device on every single television in your home. And what's actually happening, because these devices are so small -- and we add a few, like 10 channels in many cases, for free to the consumer when you get it at no additional cost. I've actually run into people who say I love the little box; can I have that one everywhere? These boxes cost a fraction of the cost of the old box. So an interesting development is yes, it's an operational headache. Yes, it creates a lot of phone calls and has all the attendant difficulties. And we're trying to pace it as slowly as we can but get it done so that we don't disrupt the entire universe all at once. But what's coming out the other side is as good or better than we had hoped going in. And we're starting to see a number of MSOs beginning to adopt the same strategy. And I think we are really pleased that we've almost got over 5 million of these now in the field. Look, I think it falls into a bit of the speculation category. I just think that we will wait and discuss that if there's something to discuss at the time. But I think generally speaking, there is I think a mood between stimulus and other signs the ministration has made that they want to have a constructive environment. And we don't see a reason to think that that's a red flag that one shouldn't (technical difficulty) things believe that you can't come up with a successful outcome and more to talk about if there's something to talk about. Okay, Jessica. On interactive advertising, a lot of it will go through Canoe. Interactive advertising encompasses a lot of different things. You have addressable advertising; you have two-way EBIF-type applications; targeted advertising; etc. I think for the quarter we had about $15 million worth of advertising that we call interactive. But the big numbers I think will be generated when the industry gets together and allows a national advertiser the ability to advertise across the country. We are very excited about this technology called EBIF. We will have many, many -- already have -- but will have many, many, our homes, maybe half of our homes EBIF-enabled in a very short period of time. The industry as a whole will have a lot of EBIF-enabled homes and interactive applications that will be rolling out. And that's I think when the real money starts to show up. Regarding Video-On-Demand, we are consistently making Video-On-Demand better. I think a key thing for us is getting movies day in date with their DVD release. We just sent out a press release that we are making real progress there. Eight of the top 10 films that are on our pay-per-view service, we believe will be day in date over the next few months, and we're sort of chipping away at it. And I think the studios, as they see the DVD business change and decline, are looking to Video-On-Demand and electronic sellthrough and other nonphysical ways to distribute movies with a completely different mindset. So I think getting more content is part of it and then over time, getting better guidance and making it easier to use. And then finally, just making people aware of what we have. One of the things that we found is that when people are aware of what we have with VOD, they use it a lot, 25 times a month or thereabouts. And the fact of the matter is there are a lot of people who remember what our VOD assortment was five years ago or maybe have never tried it. So it's a combination of getting more titles and availability, better guidance, and then finally, making sure people know what's there. And we're chipping away at it and getting lots and lots of views. But I agree with you, there's still a lot more potential to sort of change people's mindset about how great what we have is. Well, I think we, it's pretty hard to know for sure between the two, but we've done a lot of studies, and we think it's about 50-50 between economy and competition. Obviously, Steve mentioned these quarters' results are after having 5 million more homes with telco competition, so I think we executed quite well. But, clearly, we all wish we had some fresh supply in the market from housing starts and other things to compete over. And the second question was -- Yes, I would say in the third quarter, there was very minimal effect if any. So, let me start by saying that the two questions are somewhat related, and let Steve talk a little bit about the specifics. But I've been saying for a long time that I think video over the Internet is more friend than foe. And one of the reasons I think we had an outstanding quarter in High-Speed Data. And I agree with a lot of the comments that have been raised so far that that's really one of the big headlines of this quarter. Is the investment that we've made in speeds and capacities allow for people what they want to do on the Net today does include a lot -- way more video than it did two years ago and certainly five years ago. And we are better than DSL, and we are better in many cases than any other offering in the market. And so, therefore, that's the first attack that we are going to have, which is to give the customer the best experience. And as the question earlier asked how do we get compensated for that? That's going to evolve over time based on the uses that none of us could have predicted quite the uses today, 10 years ago, and I'm sure that will be the same 10 years from now. So our primary job is to have the best and most robust network with the best service experience in every one of our markets, and a lot of good things are going to happen. Specifically to the Apple reports, let's wait and see what does materialize. I read the reports myself. I think there are many folks who want to deliver parts of the experience. I think a little bit goes back to Jessica's question, which is, why can't we have the most robust experience right to the TV set, right from Comcast Cable? And I think we very much take all these possibilities and use it as a galvanizing mechanism inside the Company to come up with better and more innovative products. And we've got some very exciting things that we are -- people in the labs want to do in the Company and that we are trying to develop the relationships with the content companies to get availability of more and more content as that discussion was going on. But nobody, and that's why we laid out a year ago or a year and a half ago Project Infinity in the Company, where we want to have the architecture in place, both to handle other people's traffic and our own traffic, so that the consumer has the best choices by subscribing to Comcast. And that's really what's going to make this a healthy Company, and I think that's the strategy we are on. Steve? Let me just comment, also reaffirm that, but also to say we have done some public demos of TV Everywhere; we have had beta in progress. We plan to launch it in December nationally in Comcast's footprint. It works really well. The early surveys from the test users is they really, really like the service. And I think that since the announcement we made with Jeff Bewkes a few months ago, there's been a really strong number of programmers, over 22 channels, that have gotten on board I think it is, who, as well as other operators, competitors of ours, who see that there is -- this is what consumers want; and if this model works as successfully as we hope it will, there will be different flavors and varieties offered. But at the end of the day, I think it's going to be a very successful new initiative. And so I think we are excited by it. Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report solid results for the third quarter. But before we turn to the results, let me note that many media reports in the marketplace about a potential content investment by Comcast. While we can't comment on rumors, I would like to reinforce that we only look at opportunities in our core businesses that potentially can accelerate growth, make those businesses more profitable and differentiated and give them the benefits of scale. Our entire management team is united in this commitment and effort. Finally, I would like to emphasize that we will continue to have a very disciplined approach as we evaluate any of these opportunities, with our primary focus to create meaningful value for our shareholders. So now let's turn to the quarter. We delivered strong customer metrics across every one of our products and achieved healthy financial results in the third quarter, highlighting the underlying strength of our businesses in a still challenging business environment. In the third quarter, we generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow, a 20% increase. Our ability to generate consistent and significant free cash flow continues to result from solid growth in revenues and operating cash flow, as well as lower Cable capital expenditures and increased capital efficiency. This quarter, we added 604,000 Video, High-Speed Internet and Voice customers, our best quarterly performance this year, as we really refocused our marketing efforts and had a strong back-to-school season. We are executing well, balancing revenue, cash flow and customer growth; expanding Comcast Business Services, which is a profitable, high-growth business for us; and continuing to make investments to deliver the best customer experience in the marketplace. To do that, we are focused on driving meaningful innovation in all our products, and we are rapidly deploying wideband and All-Digital and expanding the products and features we offer our customers. We've already rolled out wideband capability to 65% of our footprint, and we are active in more than half of our markets with our All-Digital initiative. As we complete these projects market by market, we're not only repositioning the Company technically, we are also repositioning the Company with the consumer. We are re-capturing and more efficiently using the bandwidth and offering consumers expanded digital services, more high-def channels, more foreign-language programming and faster Internet speeds and services. We are also making steady progress with new, innovative services like Comcast High-Speed 2go, our 4G wireless broadband product. Just this week, we are launching the service here in Philadelphia, our third market, and we plan to launch more new markets by your end. Early results continue to be encouraging, particularly as this service is attracting new High-Speed Internet customers to Comcast. Our on-demand online trial is also going quite well, and we are on track to make this service available nationally by the end of this year. Each of these initiatives helps to strengthen our competitive position now and in the future. So let's turn to the next slide. Our efforts to improve the customer experience also include product reliability and service improvements. A couple of years ago, we began focusing on network reliability, and we've made great strides. We've also invested to bring the most sophisticated tools, systems, technology and training to our technicians and customer service representatives so they can quickly and efficiently provision services and provide high-quality service to our customers. These enhancements have been reducing the volume of calls into our systems and resulting in improved customer satisfaction. In March of this year, we began to offer a customer guarantee, and in the third quarter, we started to market it nationwide. We have recorded significant reductions in missed and late appointments and repeat service calls, as well as improvements in our internal customer satisfaction surveys in the early markets when our customers are aware of the guarantee. We still have a lot of work to do, but we are making steady progress and have a real and focused commitment to this effort. We continue to experience real moment some momentum in Business Services, and we are now building on that opportunity to expand the customers we target and our offerings in that space. Steve will cover Business Services in more detail later in the call. So all in all, I'm pleased with our results this quarter. We are achieving growth in revenues, operating cash flow, and strong growth in free cash flow, while we focus on our efforts on building an even stronger company. Let me now pass to Michael to cover the third-quarter results in more detail.Yes, I think, frankly, anybody who is managing diabetes must get insulin, right? And they must get insulin every day, right? So you are either going to get it in one of two ways. You're going to get it through a pump, or you're going to get it through injections. Continuous sensing is considered adjunct therapy today by the FDA. So I just think it's in a different place at this moment. Yes, I mean for us, I think what you see, what makes our product very unique, is this automatic insertion mechanism that we have. So, we have the ability within this single-component device, just using the handheld, to be able to basically fire the needle in, retract that needle in the rate of 1/200 of a second and leave behind, basically, about 9 mm of cannula tubing, which is sitting subcutaneous, under the skin, and that's how the insulin flows through. And it's rated virtually painless because of it. That automatic insertion is probably, I would say -- it's probably one of our special sauces from an IP perspective. And what it forces a lot of other people to do, who want to enter this space, is to go to these multiple-component-type designs. You have to manually insert a base on and then assemble something on top of it. What we've seen, and Insulet tried this approach years ago, was that to be able to keep the tolerances tight enough -- it's really, it's a challenge to be able to keep that product to be waterproof, as well as to not create so much back pressure in the product that it doesn't pump. And so, from our perspective, you know, one of the things that we think is a huge advantage for this type of a device is, one, again, no assembly; allows you to use pretty much anywhere on your body to wear the product. If you are wearing something that you've got to assemble together, you are taking your arms out of the mix, you are taking a lot of your body, again, out of the mix, unless somebody is assembling it for you. But also, the waterproof side. So, when we think about the 18-and-unders, what we hear time and time again is the fact that the child can take a bath and not worry about having to take this thing off and putting it back on. They can be swimming in the pool for hours, that they can be playing basketball, and it stays on and it's easy -- is really some of our, I think, the features that is unique to us, given that automatic insertion, single-component design. To our product? Well, you know, I think one of the things that you see is, people who are managing their diabetes and decide to go on pump therapies, it's -- frankly, it's a different way to be able to manage the diabetes, right? And so, so some folks, who are on multiple daily injections, prefer the simplicity of taking five or six needles a day and kind of not thinking about it as much. Again, if you poll most endocrinologists, I think they will tell you -- and there has certainly been plenty of clinical work that's been done to demonstrate that over time, having the ability to kind of more fine-tune your level of insulin dosage throughout the course of a day, is going to lead you to better long-term effects. But, some choose not to do it. So, in a lot of ways, we view it as, inertia is one of the tougher things you've got to do. And we see in training -- I will give you a perfect example -- today, people -- we don't, everybody who is buying a pump like this today or even a conventional pump, frankly, today, is doing it for financial reasons, right? They've met their deductibles, they have flex spending dollars. You'll rarely meet someone who will want to change how they manage their diabetes over the holidays. You know, for the five years we've been in existence now, our highest level of customer support, the most calls that come into our customer support group, always happens on the day after Thanksgiving, right? Because people have gone through that day and they've had stuffing, and they've had cranberry sauce, and maybe grandma didn't tell you everything that really was in it, and they go high, right? Some people automatically think, well, maybe there is a problem with the product, right? Ultimately, you walk them through, and you get it back. You know, it's one of these things where, for a lot of folks, it's choosing the way you are going to think about how to manage your diabetes going forward -- to me is the biggest gate to kind of continue growth. Yes, sir? Okay, great. Yes, I mean, so what we'd like to be able to get to is, as quickly as we can, is to effectively have three lines of our next-generation Pod up and running. You know, we anticipate the first one here this month in December, the second one, probably, in the latter part of Q1, and then the third in Q2. Each of those lines being able to produce for us 300,000 Pods or so per month of capacity. It gives us somewhere around 900,000, 1 million pods per month of capacity. That's, for us, a comfort level to be able to do three things -- convert the US, convert and then grow Europe, and as importantly, really drive growth here in the US market as well, by adding more sales folks and trying to penetrate further here. Good morning, everyone. Thanks, Steve and Oppenheimer, for having us today. Just let me -- I'm just going go to through a very brief presentation. I know that part of this session is for Q&A purposes, and I want to make sure there's ample time for it. So, let's just dive right in here and through a couple of quick slides. So, just for the benefits of our lawyer friends, Safe Harbor statement to cover forward looking statements. Let you read it; all good. Insulet -- so who are we, what do we do, right? So we have a really unique opportunity in this marketplace, so I just want to spend a couple of minutes on this, to talk about what we really look at as kind of the big points about what makes us different, what makes us unique, and what we think it really is helping us change and evolve the whole diabetes space. You know, today we are still the only tubeless insulin delivery system available on the market. We were addressing what we believe is a large, underpenetrated market -- a market that has had insulin pumps in it for the better part of three decades now, but still is only around 25%, give or take, penetrated. Why is that, and how is Insulet going to help change that? You know, in our short little tenure here as a company, we've had a national sales force now for about three years. We've continued to drive share in the market. To that last point, one of the nice things that we see is that the majority of our patients -- you know, 75%, 70%-75% of our new customer adds -- have never been on an insulin pump before. So as we and to our numerator, we are also adding to that denominator of people that are on pump therapy. I think if you go and pull most clinicians, most endocrinologists would look at as a big positive. There are big barriers to entry in this space. You know, we basically -- we are high-volume-type manufacturer. We've produced over 4 million OmniPods in 2010. What's unique about our product is around some of our IP, and I will show you in just a second. And then forgive the floating arrow there, but we effectively have what we think is a very attractive business model, with a high level of predictability in our forecasts. What's nice about this is, it really is from a revenue model, a subscription type of a base, highly predictable, and really razor blade type of an approach. Best, we are at the point now where we don't believe we need any additional cash to reach profitability. We burned somewhere between $3 million and $4 million last quarter. We have over $100 million of cash in the bank as of September 30, and frankly, we are looking at being cash operating breakeven or effectively, EBITDA adjusted for stock comp expense, middle part of next year. So we are getting pretty close to that, and we're looking forward to hitting that milestone while we continue to drive significant top-line growth in our story. So just real quickly, what is the OmniPods system? It is basically just these two simple parts that you can see on the screen. The one in white, that's the OmniPod itself. That is the really, the big piece of this product. It contains -- you know, you effectively wear that on your body; it is a three-day product. After three days, you take it off and put a new one on. The insulin reservoir -- what makes our product unique compared to a conventional pump, is where a conventional pump you are wearing the insulin reservoir, say, on your belt buckle, and you are running up to 40 inches of tubing to an infusion set, which is sitting, likely, on your abdomen somewhere. The OmniPod takes that insulin reservoir and puts it right into that little self-contained, disposable device, so that the insulin is flowing through just basically about an inch worth of tubing, compared to the 35 to 40 inches you may be wearing on a conventional pump. The product is completely waterproof. It is relatively small in size, and it really takes all of the complexities of a conventional pump and eliminates it. You don't have to learn how to prime pumps anymore, and worry about air bubbles and tubing, and worry about having to connect and disconnect from this thing constantly, and even run holes, and cut holes in your pants pockets to be able to run the tubing through, so you can keep it hidden. All of that goes away. What we do very well is, given this very easy user model -- a third of our customers are kids; they are under the age of 18. It's a simple product to use. It allows a child to be swimming in the pool in the backyard or playing ball with their friends. We have Olympic athletes that are on our product, and what they all tell you time and time again is that from a lifestyle perspective, we give an awful lot of that flexibility back to the person who is living with diabetes. How do you do it? Real simply -- you can see from the pictures there, that's it. Right? No assembly required. Each one comes pre-sterilized with a fill syringe. Put the insulin in, peel off the back, use the little handheld to be able to activate it. We used to say, if you could just read simple English, you're good to go; now it can be simple English, Italian, German, French, and a few other languages. And you press start, and that's it. People with our product can be -- basically change out their pod in a matter of just a few minutes and be up and running again. So again, from a convenience factor, for being able to give people -- having to think about their diabetes for less time, being able to have more of their day back, we help do all of that. Does it work? Right, that's when you think about whole nice little spiel, does it actually help drive customers to the product? Well, this is what our customers say. 98% living easier with diabetes, 94% would recommend it to a friend. Real important is that note on the bottom. Again, when you think about a market today where 75% of people are on multiple daily injection therapy or MDI therapy to receive their insulin, four out of five basically said that they would be highly likely or definitely would use a tubeless pump. And so we certainly think that we are addressing this marketplace. We've seen a need, and now we are being able to kind of attack it. What's the market look like overall? So here in the US, which is the pie chart on the far left, basically, as I said, about one out of four people are on an insulin pump today. You know, why is that? Again, it's the complexity of a traditional pump as well as some of the cost factors of a conventional pump. One of the things that also makes our product unique is the way we are reimbursed through managed care. So where a conventional pump tends to be $5500, $6000 up front of cost, with about $160 a month of supplies that you would need to run the pump, our model is a pay-as-you-go model. So we are $600 up front, and we run about $280 a month. Why that matters is, when you see the breakeven point, you'll be somewhere in year four. It matters, really, for two reasons. One, insurance cycles within the pumping industry basically run on a four-year cycle. So as you end year four, you get to the start of year five, you are ineligible for another one of those pumps again. As important is, if you could think about the managed-care side, people in the United States stay on their health plans about 2.5 years on average these days, before either you change jobs, or your companies change plans. So for Insulet, what allowed us to be able to gain reimbursement coverage very, very rapidly is the fact that we could go to the managed care plans, like an Aetna, for example, and say, this can be a better P&L model for you; this can be a better cash flow model for you. And it works. It's effectively breakeven. We are very excited about our next-generation OmniPod. So although we are the only one in this marketplace, we are continually trying to innovate and be able to set that bar even higher and higher for people, and be able to bring a better product to our customer base. We have submitted our second-generation Pod for 510(k) approval. That was done back in May. For those of you, the latest update is, we submitted our response back to their round of questions back on November 21. We are hopeful that we will hear back from the agency again with whatever follow-up may be required by the end of the calendar year, and that still continues to keep us on pace for a first-quarter approval of the product. What's -- I think is really nice to see is, over the course of the last three or four weeks, we've actually started to see some diabetes-related products being approved by the agency, which is a good thing. It starts to show that kind of the winter is thawing, if you will, and we are being able to get things through the group. We received CE Mark for this product back over the summer and are planning on launching the next-generation OmniPod in the first quarter of 2012. And why does this next-generation Pod matter, right? Two reasons. One, from a customer side, maintains all the benefits of the Pod that you currently have, except that it doesn't in the size. It's about over a third smaller and 25% lighter than what they are wearing today, right? And if you are wearing something on your body 24/7/365, the smaller and lighter, the better, right? Again, if you think of a product that appeals really well to the child, the adolescent market -- women, people who may be wearing tight clothing -- the smaller you can make this product, the more apt that they are to be able to use this product. The other nice benefit for folks like us, from the financial perspective, is it's about a third cheaper for us to be able to produce. We partner with Flextronics in China for manufacturing. This is the good example of when you actually had the second chance to do things a little bit better, how do you do it? And what we are very happy about is we are seeing a product that we think will have a better level of quality than what we have today, and we've also been able to pull a few dollars out of the bill of materials. So for example, we go from a combination of two semiconductor chips to just one specific ASIC that's made for us. Allows us to be able to do a much better job of consuming power, so we are able to go from four batteries down to three batteries. Those type of things, that are effectively driving down our bill of materials, is how we are going to be able to get the majority of that gross margin savings. You know, our plan, assuming a Q1 approval, would be -- is to launch a few months thereafter. And our goal is by the end of 2012 that we will have converted our entire US and European base of customers over to the next-gen Pod. And what it means financially, when we are at that point, is effectively it probably adds north of 10 points of gross margin to our overall story. So we are very excited about what this product can do for us. It also helps us from a market perspective. So you can see real quick -- I mean, we've done a great job as a company, continuing to drive share in a relatively short period of time. We've had a national sales force for just about three years, and this is a market where there's a lot of long-standing relationships that have been developed over the course of 30. The next-gen Pod gives us that financial flexibility that we want, to be able to then go add another couple dozen or so sales folks into our commercial team, bringing our number from about 100 to about 125. It gives our guys the opportunity to be able to go back into all of those clinics that, for whatever their reason may be, were lukewarm on us in the past, and be able to in with, effectively, this new product that sets the bar higher and be able to kind of regenerate some of those relationships. So again, lots of long-standing relationships in the endocrinologist world with other pump companies. We want to continue to be able to get in there and be able to help kind of drive our place in the market. I don't. I don't know anything more than they've said publicly. Yes. I mean, for those of you who have followed our story for a long time, you'll recall back in the spring of '08 -- it predates me by about a year -- the Company did a pretty rapid expansion at that time of growing their sales force. We eliminated manufacturing constraints and went from 17 territories up to 50. And effectively, the area that didn't get -- that wasn't expanded or invested in was the back office at the time. And what happened was, it choked the business. So I think we need to learn from that mistake in the past and make sure that we didn't repeat it. You know, diabetes is a direct-to-consumer type of a business, and when we ship tens of thousands of packages directly to people's doorstops every single quarter, we need to be able to make sure that we could do an excellent job in the customer service areas. And so, making sure that we had that infrastructure in place was important to us. When we looked at Neighborhood, who we've had the privilege of working with for a handful of years, and aren't too far away from us, we thought that they had a good process, a very efficient system that we could help leverage into our business. They also had pharmacy capabilities where we didn't have a pharmacy. More and more, you see supplies, testing supplies. Ultimately, probably, insulin-pump supplies as well, being adjudicated as a pharmacy benefit versus a traditional durable medical-equipment benefit through an insurance plan. And third, we wanted to have that capability to be able to listen to our customers and serve their needs, which was to be able to provide them additional products to help make it easier for them to manage their disease. And so when you think about moving forward, with a test strip already integrated into our product, and then integrating a DexCom sensor, for example, we've faced the task of having to send that customer to three different people to get those three different products -- Pods from us, test strips from somebody else, DexCom for sensors. Now we can take that one customer and be able to provide it all for them in one easy package. We were doing all of the operating expense work, anyway. We took your phone call, took your benefits, confirmed your benefits, packaged -- boxed up the box and sent it out via FedEx. By adding other products into that box, frankly, we could make the box a lot more profitable. So, those were the big drivers for it. Then there is ancillary benefits, right? They have some sales folks; we can leverage those salespeople. They have 13000 or so people who are multiple daily injection therapy today that we may be able to cross-sell OmniPods to. There's certainly those kind of things. But primarily, this was driven by a desire for us to become best-in-class from an infrastructure side. Yes, I mean today, if you take that and kind of break it down, what we typically see is somewhere, probably, between a third and 40% of that number, is economic driven, right? So it is folks for -- either their insurance benefits have degraded, or they've decided for, usually, economic reasons that they will go back, typically, to multiple-injection therapy, right? Three out of four of our patients are coming from injections. Within the first 90 days of a person being on product is where we would see another, probably, 30% to 40% of people drop off. And those are folks who have tried it and most often will go back to injections, because they don't want to manage their disease in that way. Update on DexCom CGM integration? So, as many of you guys are aware, DexCom is trying to file a fourth-generation sensor, or get an approval on a fourth-generation sensor. They are still working through the regulatory process of that. You know, we are really kind of -- we won't do anything additional until they ultimately get their approval. So the actual technology piece, the software integration, we've done it before, so that's pretty easy. Pretty straightforward. Our engineers will kill me for saying that. But we are really in kind of the hands, at the moment, of just seeing what the timeline becomes from a regulatory perspective. I'm not aware of Asante -- a 510(k) approval for Asante. Now, Tandem Diabetes received one a few weeks back. Tandem is a conventional insulin pump that has a nice-looking touchscreen, a little bit smaller kind of a product than what other competitors in that space have. One of the things I think that we are very thrilled about, by the fact that some of these guys are starting to get through the FDA, is the willingness of the FDA to start approving products, right? So I think one of the questions people have had for a while is just, in this climate, will we be able to get approval? You know, I said back on the day that the Tandem folks were approved, that second to their employee and shareholder base, we were probably the happiest next, because it shows the FDA is approving insulin pumps, and they are approving these 510(k)s. Within this space, the patch pump space, we really don't believe there will be anybody else in the market for a couple of years. Our customer profile is a little bit different than what some of these other ones are going for, and frankly, when you see others entering this space, if Insulet has proven one thing, we've proven that it's really expensive to become a viable company in this space, because in some cases, the FDA part is actually the easy piece. You know, the manufacturing, the customer service, being able to get reimbursement, and being able to -- most importantly -- get your doctors to support the product. And doctors, you know, by nature -- they don't want to support a tremendous amount of platforms, because it's more for them to have to learn. It takes away time from their group. So, what I think helps us a lot in that space is the fact of just our level of differentiation. Oh, yes, absolutely. Yes. I mean, we will launch in Europe in the first quarter. Well, you would have to ask them specifically, but what we had heard back at -- the last we heard was at the European Diabetes Conference in late September. They pushed off a soft launch that they were expecting to do in the Netherlands, to somewhere in the back half of '12. So, you know, they could potentially be there, maybe in Europe, maybe broader, but our expectation is, it's going to still be awhile. Thanks, everybody; happy holidays. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized.It should be a 510(k), is the plan. We've had some initial conversations with the FDA. We expect it will be similar in the past around insulin stability testing. One of the benefits we have over a traditional pump is one of the big complaints, if you will, from an FDA perspective is that people wear it too long. And therefore, the insulin starts to break down and there is a lot of this human use error, is how it ultimately gets framed. Ours automatically shuts off at 80 hours. So from a testing perspective, that is actually a big help for us to be able to expedite our way through. We don't know exactly what we will have to do yet, but the thinking is that it should take us three to six months to get through what they are going to ask us for. So we last Monday, actually, announced a restructuring of our credit facility with Deerfield. You will recall that is the facility that we put in place last March. It was a real tough time to be raising cash last March. But the good news is six month later, I think things have started to turn for us. And so we -- let me give you just the basics of what that deal was and then I'll answer your question. Two things happened. We had $32.5 million left on the facilities available to us. We've made no secrets that we needed that cash, we would need that cash in 2010. We drew that down, effectively, with the close of this deal. The $1.5 million in warrants that were associated with that money were eliminated as part of the restructuring. So all of that potential dilution has been foregone. The interest rate on the borrowed funds dropped from 9.75% down to 8.5%. And we were paying almost a 3% unborrowed fee. So really for an additional 5.5 points of interest, we were able to secure the other $32.5 million at really basically -- the way I've described it to some folks is at no covenants and no warrants, $32.5 million at 8.5%, it would be tough for us to find a better deal than that. Associated with it, Deerfield also took the $27.5 million that we had borrowed initially and they converted it into equity at $9.63 a share, which is about 2.9 million shares. It was a 6% discount from the close from a week ago Friday. And I think it reflected the strength in the Company overall that we were able to negotiate that -- they [have] effectively foregone another $10 million of interest expense that they would have had over the next three years -- and been able to -- be able to turn that into a long-term, hopefully, continued partnership here with the two companies. So in total, using that $32.5 million and our June 30 number, were sitting on about $85 million of cash. We think that is enough cash to get us to breakeven. I will tell you that the way I framed it is I think we skim the treetops. So it's a little close, when we start thinking about working capital needs. But overall, we feel from a capital to fund the operations perspective that the $85 million gets us there. Sorry for the long-winded answer. Not at this time. So right now, it would be just the -- just the handheld would be the integrated piece. Typically -- so if I compare the two models, traditional insulin pump on average, say 5000, 6000 -- these are gross numbers, right? So then if an average plan is an 80/20 plan, for example, it would be $1000, $1200 out of pocket. We are a 10th of that cost. On a monthly basis, we average about $280 a month, so 20% of that would be $56. On a traditional insulin pump, you are paying for infusion set supplies, which are probably around $160 in month, so it's $32. So you are $20 more a month, on average. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for having me today. Certainly appreciate it. I was saying this morning nothing like the 6 A.M. shuttle on a Monday morning to come down to beautiful New York. So glad to be here. If I fall asleep at the podium, I'll apologize. For some of you who have seen us before, pretty standard here for our presentation, but let me walk you through it first. I would be remiss if I don't put up the Safe Harbor statement to cover our forward-looking statements here.  But then let me get into a little bit of really what is the industry that we are after, and that really is the Type 1 diabetes market. So in total, it's a really interesting population. There's probably somewhere in the US today between 1.2 to 1.5 million Type 1 diabetics in the United States. Traditional insulin pumps have been around for the better part of three decades, and they are only about 23%, 25% penetrated. Now, I think most endocrinologists, most folks would tell you the best way for a Type 1 diabetic patient to be able to control and get the best long-term outcomes for their disease is to have as tight a control of their glycemic variability as possible. And if so, then most would say that insulin pumps are the way to be able to do that. So if that's the case, and that is effectively the best health outcomes that are out there, why isn't this further penetrated from an overall market perspective? And really it comes down to if you look at the last 30 years, technology just hasn't changed that much. So if you look at the left-hand side, that is a conventional insulin pump for what a person -- you typically would have to wear on their belt, be able to have a tube that ultimately would connect to an infusion set for the delivery of insulin. And for a lot of people, our premise has been that is a big turnoff. People don't like the idea of having to be tethered to an actual insulin pump, having to have it on. Lots of questions that arise about, well, if you wear the insulin pump on your belt for most of the day and then at night time, when you are sleeping, you're putting it on a nightstand, it changes the flow of insulin through the tubes. How does all this stuff play together? Well, in our case, what came out of that was a development of a much simpler, easier to use system, which we call the Insulin OmniPod Systems. It is basically the two products on the right. The first is -- in the blue is the Personal Diabetes Manager, or PDM. It's basically a BlackBerry-like handheld unit. Very simple English controls that are right on it, so just simple to read, easy control system. And then below it is the Pod itself. The Pod is a disposable insulin pump. Holds a 200-unit reservoir, for which about 85% to 90% of Type 1 diabetics is enough for three days, on average. When you are finished wearing the Pod, if you used the insulin, the system will alarm. So it basically tells you it's time to take it off, put a new one on, and off you go. The nice thing about our system is it is a very simple, easy-to-learn system. People can be up and running on it in the course of about 90 minutes from a technology perspective. What is nice also is that from the pod itself, no one actually ever sees the sharps or has to deal with any of the needle kind of components. So when you take the Pod, you basically fill it with insulin, so we enclose a syringe with every one of the Pods; you fill it with insulin. Apply the Pod to your body. The nice thing about our product is you can wear it in lots of different places. So most people will wear it on the fronts or the backs of their arms. You can wear it on your abdomen; you can wear it on the lower part of your back. Some people even will wear it on their legs. And then press start on the PDM. And when you press start, the pump itself will automatically prime; it will automatically insert a cannula, which then leaves a Teflon cannula behind; and you're off and running. And so from a control perspective, it is waterproof. You don't have to take it off to get in the shower. A lot of the different components of what made this system so complex on the left are eliminated through the Pod and the PDM. So it is an RF ID wireless system. Where we come from, really the first thing that we had to be able to prove as a Company is that we could make this product and then ultimately be able to make it at scale. We partnered with Flextronics in 2008. We moved all of our manufacturing to China through a partnership with FLEX. We originally thought this Pod line would have a capacity somewhere of around 200,000 Pods or so per month. With FLEX and really them being the experts from a manufacturing perspective, we now believe that a line for us is 350,000 to 400,000 Pods per month. Why is that important? Well, certainly two big factors. One, from a capital expenditure perspective, it brings our cost way down. And the nice thing is we think that the one line of capacity that we have today will then bridge us to the introduction of our second-generation Pod later part of next year, which I will talk about. And that will effectively become our second line. So throughout 2008, really one of our biggest gates was could you produce enough of the Pods to be able to not be capacity constrained. I think we have solved that and we continue to produce more and more. Once you eliminate the capacity constraint, well now you can focus on selling. And especially in a product like this, if you think about it from a financial model perspective, this isn't a lot different than razors and razor blades. Once people are on the product itself, they continue to buy and use more and more Pods every month. The average person probably uses 10 to 12 Pods per month, so somewhere between 100 and 120 -- 120 and 140 Pods per year. So with the capacity constraint effectively behind us, we moved very quickly to build out a commercial organization, and expanded the national sales force to about 50 reps, which is where we are today, to cover the United States. We have full coverage across the US. The 50 field reps are helped along by a team of about 35 to 40 clinicians that are also out in the field, acting, if you will, almost like sales and sales engineers. And that is really our sales force. At this point, the nice thing is we don't feel we need to add to that salesforce. We think we've got the right amount of coverage. Even in geographies where we've been selling for a number of years now, like the Eastern part of the US, we are seeing capacity per rep effectively continue to increase. Said another way, we talk about it in terms of referrals, and we've seen our sales reps -- originally we were thinking get to the point where they could do a referral per rep per day, and we actually are seeing them now exceeding that number. So they are going above a referral per rep per day. That is not a shipment, but that is the leads coming in, and then we work to turn those into conversions into initial ships. When we talk about 2009, we really kind of think of it really in three areas -- innovation, efficiency and expansion. And I would like to just touch on those three. So Insulet effectively has formed this category. And if you think about where this pump market has come, even over the course of the last few years, our competitors, a couple years ago, we were just kind of a speck on the radar screen. We really weren't something they were focusing on. Now you see that the large companies in this space, companies like Medtronic, acknowledging that this type of a market, the disposable patch pump market, is truly expanding the marketplace. Three out of every four of our patients come from multiple injections are people that haven't been on pumps before. And it is because of the innovative product that we've put out there; it really has kind of started, I think, a new segment of this industry. The important part for us is although -- as some of these bigger guys start to think about getting into this marketplace is how do we stay ahead. And we are very, very focused on continuing to innovate with our product. So a couple things that you see here on the screen, we launched our second-generation PDM, the handheld, back in June. We've probably at this point converted about half of our customer base to the new handheld. It has been a very quick adoption. We put out the first -- we call it the Eco-Pod program, but it is effectively an environmentally disposal -- safe disposal program for the pump -- for our product. We send the Pods to recycling centers where they are able to take out batteries and the other couple of metals that are in it, and then the rest of the pods are just pulverized so that we reduce the amount of landfill. We continue to be very, very active in a lot of what they called the close-the-loop studies, or the artificial pancreas projects. We are in nine of the 11 JDRF sites that are doing the majority of the work around these areas. One important component that we are advancing on is to integrate our handheld device with continuous glucose monitoring technology. We partner with both DexCom and with Abbott, with their SEVEN and Navigator products, respectively, to integrate their software into our handheld. So the benefit of that from a user perspective is while you still have to wear their sensor, their pump -- or their patch and you wear our insulin pump, you will effectively have -- in this one handheld device, it will be your insulin controller that it is today; it will be your blood glucose meter that it is today; and it will also control your CGM. So from a simplicity perspective for a patient, it is only one device that they have to have with them and control. We expect that will be at the FDA by the end of the year with at least one of those two companies. And hopefully -- you never know for sure with the FDA -- but hopefully, we would be out sometime the spring of 2010. And then probably most excited internally is the second-generation OmniPod that we see being to the FDA by the middle of next year, and hopefully out by the end of next year and starting to be introduced into the marketplace. Why is this new generation OmniPod so important? Well, there is a couple of reasons. From a user perspective, it does exactly what it does today, except that it is 40% smaller. So if you think about as a patient on this product with this disease state that you are having to deal with every single day of your life, two things that I think patients want are they want smaller, and they want simpler. Right? And so when we look at it, we already give you a very simple, easy-to-use product. It's a self-contained unit. As we showed before, you put it on, you take it off, you're done. We were always concerned that if there was a place for us that we could get beaten somewhere, it was in size. And so our engineers worked very hard to take this second-generation technology and make it a lot smaller. The benefit to all of us in this room is that second-generation technology also, I think, is a lot smarter than the first. It uses less battery power. It has a much simpler semiconductor chip. And all-in, it is about a third less expensive for us on a cost of goods sold perspective. So while our current-generation OmniPod is a means to get to probably a 50% or a low 50% gross margin, this new version OmniPod is the one that can also only get us to a 70% margin plus. And that is certainly where any med-tech device company, but certainly where we would like to be over time. How does all that innovation start to continue to turn into expansion opportunities? Well, I think proof positive for us is if you look at the revenue ramp of the Company, in what I think most people would consider a very difficult economic environment, you know, we are looking this year to probably have 70%, 75% year-over-year growth in total. We have -- our last guidance back in August was that we would look for full-year revenues between $58 million and $65 million, so using the midpoint of $62 million on that. If you look at our Q1 to Q2 ramp, there was a 17% sequential growth. We guided everybody that Q3 looked to be 16.5% to 17.5%, which at the midpoint of that would imply another 17% sequential growth. So we are really starting to see the power of the model building on top of each other, building on that subscription base, if you will, and being able to push more and more Pods in the marketplace. More expansion opportunities certainly exist for the business. We received our CE Mark approval in April. We are very, very active in negotiating with some different players to hopefully be able to do the distribution for us internationally. Our goal on it is to effectively be more of an OEM manufacturer kind of a perspective overseas. We do not want to build out the same level of infrastructure. So we are trying to find large partners who can bring that level of scale to the game to be able to handle the commercial organization aspects and be able to really help us drive future product sales. For us, it is all about selling Pods. If we can sell more Pods, the better. And so leveraging a partner to help us through the nuances of every single country that is out there is certainly the approach. We are hopeful that we will have partner or partners announced in the fourth quarter. I don't think it will be before our Q3 release, but soon over the next few --hopefully over the next couple of months. And here in the United States, we certainly have a bunch of opportunities, so we are still focused, as I mentioned, on just leveraging the sales productivity internally. We are working more and more with a couple of distributors around gestational diabetes, as well as in the Type 2 marketplace. We do have probably 3%, 4% of our patients are Type 2s. And as more and more of those folks look to become -- or insulin dependency becomes a bigger issue with some of the Type 2 population, we certainly think this is a means to be able to get those folks on a product like this as well. And how does that turn? Ultimately it turns into efficiency. So you can see over the last year, we've made some nice headway in our gross margin. Unfortunately, no silver bullet here that makes it go from 20 to 50 overnight, but we've seen kind of a continuous eating off, if you will, six to 10 percentage points of gross margin per quarter. And we certainly expect that is going to continue right throughout 2010. So as we project out for another year or so here, we get to the end of next year, we think we have a gross margin that is 50%. So we are -- and that is really where the point starts to come where we start to talk about breakeven, depending exactly where the revenue line is. We still look at operating breakeven to be pretty much probably the end of next year, the beginning of 2011. So in summary, where we are is innovation, expansion and efficiency. You know, I think we are very, very optimistic about the Company overall. Q2 for us was a record quarter of referrals. Q3 continued to be very, very strong. We haven't announced, obviously, any of our numbers yet, but I think everybody was very enthusiastic about the summer season, which some people view to be as a slower time in the marketplace, and we see the momentum from Q2 continuing. And we think it tees us up for a very strong Q4 on top of it. And finally, this is just an interesting picture that we've tried to put up a couple times. If you look at the picture on the right, this was sent into us. And their son, which is the one in the front, went to a JDRF diabetes camp a couple years ago, and he was the only one with one of these white things on his arm. And all of his buddies started saying, hey, what is this thing. And they thought it was pretty cool, because he could just jump right into the pool and start swimming, and all of his friends either needed to get shots or disconnect or do other things. And the mom sent us in the picture and said how proud she was of her son and having this product and really how well it was doing for him. And lo and behold, a year later, she sends us another picture, and the next picture is all of these guys flexing some muscles for us and showing off their Pods. So what is really true about this model is more and more, we think -- when you think about how the sales piece kind of continues to build on itself, well, it is this. This is really in a lot of ways the best salesforce we can have. We have a lot of people that have been on this product now for a while; they've seen what it has done for their kids, for themselves, and they are not afraid to recommend it. And because of that fact, we feel very, very optimistic about the future here and continuing to move this forward. Thanks. Questions and Answers Filing, filing. It will -- it's -- basically the way it will work is it will be the CGM company's filings. So for DexCom, for example, it would be a DexCom filing, PMA supplement. So if you think about it, it is really a CGM device with a pump integrated into it versus the other way around. We are not Medicare covered. But between insurers in the US, yes, we have, I think, a very, very high level of coverage. It is typically not a gating item for us. In a couple places where we don't have a direct contract, we've typically been able to line up a distributor to help us fulfill. The partner will help us drive reimbursement. So each country has its own reimbursement plan to go through, and that is why a partner is so critical for us to be able to help us country-by-country establish pricing. Qualitatively, I would tell you that one of the interesting little pieces of analysis that I had a chance to do was to look at our referrals from Q3 and Q4 of 2008 and compared them to our Q2 2009 referrals. And a marked, marked increase in the number of people that had started the process, we went through the benefit step and said, cost-share wise, this isn't right for me right now. So what gives us a lot of confidence is as the economy does continue to improve, there is an awful lot of those people that we can go back to and hopefully be able to bring through the pipeline. It can absolutely be and. Over time, we would certainly prefer both. I would tell you that there is one of them who is -- you have a bigger company and a smaller company; smaller companies tend to move faster. So I will leave it there. Our conversion rate -- so our conversion rate last quarter was mid-60s or so. I think this quarter will be higher than that. What we've seen historically is we've been able to be around seven out of 10, a little over that. The interesting thing for us I think we're starting to see more of a backlog pipeline kind of an effect. So because we are getting to referrals a lot earlier in the process -- we are seeing people at camps or at walks and other events and they are starting to fill out information -- most of those people haven't been to their doctor yet. So it's a little bit earlier in the timeline as compared to a referral that comes straight through from the doctor, prescription in hand, boom, you can ship. So I think what we are going to see is over time that conversion rate will get much higher than historical levels. It is just that we will have -- for example, a Q1 referral might -- we might see Q1 referrals converting over Q2, Q3 and Q4, whereas in the past they'd all be gone within a couple of months. Hopefully if we can get a deal done this year, then we will start to see some revenue in the back half of next year. We may have to do a small clinical trial. But, again, the two products are effectively the same, right? So it literally is just smaller in size. So we may have to do something small, but nothing more than a couple months, hopefully -- knock on wood.Well, I think we have made a lot of fantastic progress on creating a TV Everywhere experience. Is it perfect? Is it ubiquitous? Is it finished? Absolutely not. But we have some 0.25 million choices plus between XFINITYTV.com and all the other various versions of that, whether it's VoD or the iPad app. We've had 8 million iPad app downloads and we have -- I could give you lots and lots of stats. On-demand, as Neil said, we've created a fantastic event called Watchathon. We got all the broadcasters, all the premium channels, and a number of cable channels and we opened up really the best series in television to our viewers for a week on all the platforms. It helped upsell pay. It was authenticated easily and got people to use their Comcast XFINITY experience on multiple platforms, so I think you're going to see a lot more of that kind of thing. The other thing that's exciting, and we are going to show some of it, where X1 can evolve to, is just the continuation of how your DVR can interact and how you can have even more seamless nature of accessing the content. Easier search and faster results and moving it across other devices. A lot of progress is happening. At the same time, we are very mindful the market continues to evolve with other services that we don't necessarily directly touch need our broadband. So we are investing in broadband. It's why I think you are seeing such a healthy broadband investment cycle and customer growth and the fastest speeds. And were pretty excited about what's happening. For many, many years we sort of believed that we should have the best network and the best user experience. All of this pushes us to keep innovating. So, I don't know, Neil, you may want to add to that, but I think the main thing with TV Everywhere is how easy can you make authentication? First gate. And when we go back to, say, the Olympics, we made some great progress there. Watchathon was even better. And I think when we get to the Olympics next year, a lot more progress will have been made in that two-year period and I think you are going to be able to begin authenticating other credentials from other popular web apps and things that we are working on right now that are exciting. Well, I don't know that I have any better crystal ball of the overall economy than anybody else. We're not seeing a lot of housing growth, which would be the main driver of expansion. But at the same time we are seeing some modest improvement in some pockets of the country, and generally as I said this morning, I think we are in a steady, longer, maybe somewhat frustrating to many of us that it's not going faster but that's in the right direction, and we don't see any big changes. So we are planning our business as if the economy will continue to recover. We are bullish long-term. And I go back to the statement just in terms of your actions, which is we accelerated the buyout of GE, and we feel really good about that decision a few weeks later and months later, and the whole decision with NBCUniversal to have all this growth opportunity now in the Company in addition to Cable. The lawsuit, I think I'm just going to stay away from that, and just not --. Thanks, Marlene. Good morning, everyone. I am really pleased with our solid start in 2013. Excluding the Super Bowl, we are reporting revenue growth of 5%, cash flow growth of more than 7%, and record quarterly free cash flow of $3.1 billion. Michael will discuss these results in more detail, but let me start by providing some highlights. Cable had another strong quarter with revenue growth of 6.4% and cash flow growth of 6.7%. Every product showed strength, with revenue increases across our residential products in Business Services and in advertising. Video revenue growth has been accelerating and was a standout this quarter, up 3.7%. That's the highest rate of growth in any quarter in the last four years. As we continue to effectively balance financial and customer performance, the combined unit growth of our three main products was 583,000, a 3% increase, and very solid when compared to prior quarters. Michael will describe this in more detail, but while we lost some more video customers this first quarter than last year, our goal is to continue to make progress in reducing video customer losses. High-speed Internet had another robust quarter with 433,000 new customer additions and Voice customer additions grew by 29% as we continued to upgrade customers to triple play. Business services had 27% growth in revenue in the quarter and ongoing momentum as it expands its services to small businesses and its presence in the midsize market. We are making steady headway in the rollout of new products and we are about to significantly increase our marketing of X1 so that by the year-end it will be available and marketed nationwide. At the upcoming cable convention in June we will demonstrate the next-generation version of X1, really showing how we are accelerating innovation on this exciting new platform. We are also expanding our definition of the fastest home by deploying wireless gateways to power the fastest in-home wireless network and growing the number of wirelessly connected devices on this platform in our customers' homes. We completed the acquisition of NBCUniversal during the quarter and feel really good about the entire transaction going back to 2009. The timing, the structure, the acceleration, and the strategic importance all seem right. We have been operating these businesses for the last two years and we now have a fantastic platform with a lot of different growth opportunities for many years to come. In the first quarter, NBCUniversal businesses generated strong results with 17% operating cash flow growth, which is a real highlight. Our Film business had two successful releases, Broadcast results were as we expected, and we continued to see excellent performance at the Theme Parks. The Cable Networks had solid results and we were delighted to see improved ratings at USA and Bravo, our two biggest networks. With all our cable networks now together under the leadership of Bonnie Hammer, we are very enthusiastic about how we can further strengthen and grow these businesses. Comcast NBCUniversal works together in ways that are unique. One example is the April 15 premiere of Defiance, which was Syfy's most-watched scripted series premier in seven years and its top performance in total viewers since 2009. Comcast Cable showcased Defiance through cross-channel spots, on VOD, online, and in our on-screen guides, helping to promote the new series. As a result, ratings for Defiance in Comcast homes outperformed all other distributors by 77%. We have had many successful examples like this of working across our company to experiment and launch new and innovative programs, and this continues a great trend. So all in all, a really solid start to 2013. Let me now pass to Michael to cover the first-quarter results in detail.No, it is not. Thank you all very much. Okay. Great question, which is why don't we go all digital? It would improve our offering compared to satellite. We are very much focused on the all-digital opportunity. So, for the investors who are keeping score of capital spending, let me start by saying we don't think it's a big deal. To the investors that are looking at new products and a more competitive and more robust cable industry, I think it's a very big deal. What is all digital? Well basically today, we have (inaudible) -- to make simple, 80 channels of analog and 100 channels of digital. So, you have 180 channels on your cable, give or take. If you take the 80 channels of analog and make it digital and if you have 10 to 1 compression, you use eight to get the 80. If you have 20 to 1 compression, you use four to get the 80. That gets you back 75% to 90% of all your bandwidth and you give the consumer the same product and now you have all your network has been opened up for 20,000 hours of movies on demand and other programmings on demand. It is opened up for video phone, it is opened up for all sorts of future uses and high-definition television, all the local signals, maybe more cable signals, high-definition on demand content, right on down the line, we work for high-speed Internet, faster speeds, 100 megabits a second instead of 3 megabits a second some day. Everything becomes possible and all -- the whole thing cost where we spent -- how much to rebuild the network Marlene combined company? $40b, $38b was the two companies combined, if we had been one company, for $2b more over whatever period of years you want to spend it, it will be lost in the scale of what we do. You will be able to have everybody go all-digital if we can develop a $35 to $50 digital box. At our conference, Motorola was showing one for $75, but they think will be $35 in a couple of years and the consumer gets most of all, all digital pictures as you said, all digital sound, but best of all, every home gets on demand. Something satellite can't do. And I will give you an example of an on demand product. Obviously, it is episode, 'The Sopranos' last night or the 'Sex and the City' final episode or if you missed the basketball game, but we saw a remote control where you just say, 'liar's game' boom and change your channel or you say, 'John Wayne Movies', boom, up comes a list of all the now and future John Wayne Movies. You can then hit the button, watch it, record it. You can only have that voice interactive simplicity going back to a computer, coming back over our network and it is two way, something satellite can't do, if you don't believe. So, all digital will have tremendous consumer benefits as we make this transition in the next two to five years, and I think is again one of the big things we are working on. Would it be rude to say thanks for that scintillating introduction. I will say thanks for the scintillating lunch. In all seriousness, I look forward to the Q&A session, but given everything that's happening in our life right now, we felt it very important to just take a minute and step back and talk a little bit about where Comcast is and where we are heading. There is our safe harbor. You can all read it on the Web in greater detail. We are thrilled with how the last couple of years have gone at our company. We are now the largest US cable operator. Our super fast-growing broadband business continues to amaze me and we will talk a little bit about that and we have a growing and valuable portfolio cable companies, cable programming channels, and I'll talk about that in a second.  We just came from Phoenix, where we had 550 people; very similar feeling in for a three-day management meeting that we hadn't done in five years. We really, the big, brought out where we headed, what's the next five years going to look like and some of these staffs came and just shocked me. Look at where we were in 1998 in revenue compared to 2003, and of course you will see cash flow grew a lot faster than revenue as we grew innovated and acquired many companies. We've gone from 4.5m customers to 21.5m. We are now managing over 60,000 employees. At the same time, we have been fortunate in participating either with partners or by ourselves in various content opportunities. The most notable is QVC, where we put in about $300m and over approximate 10-year period, it had a 37% compounded rate of growth. At the time we made our bid for QVC, our stock went down 23% the next day, I believe. A lot of investors wondered if QVC could function in -- owned by Comcast and when we turned and sold it, a number of investors said you'll never sell, it has been too good of a story and when we got $14b, we proved them wrong and E! Entertainment started for $500m was our purchase price, $550m worth hopefully, more than $2b and right on down the line. One of the trends that I think we've been able to spot is what is going to happen next in cable. We saw The Golf Channel and other channels, the niching of -- the subniching of the niches, Golf Channel has $100m of EBITDA when it started, people laughed at the idea of a full-time Golf Channel. We now have a new channel G4 for video game enthusiasts. Video games are now bigger than home video in terms of blockbuster rentals. It's unbelievably great idea channel, I think just like MTV was to music videos. In the room today is Alfred Liggins from Radio One, our partner and TV One, a targeted African American Channel. But really 2003 was the defining year in integration of AT&T, and I just want to make sure everyone, as we start the conversation with Ray, we have level set where we are. We took on a company 1.5 times our size with 12.5m customers and every single major operating metric was improved and then met during the year. We took cash flow, still in my opinion, the most important metric from $4.9b to $6.35b in one year. We've given guidance for '04 of another $1b or so on top of that. We took their margins from AT&T from 16%, which was the low point to 35% in one year. We will improve that to where the combined company will have a 40% margin by the fourth quarter of this year. We took a company that was the leading basic subscribers to satellite and other competitors and we made them more competitive and more focused and we added a 140,000. So, nearly a 550,000 customer swing in one year. We put out guidance that we will add customers again this year and we are -- I believe going to meet every guidance that we put out for this year. And we -- most importantly, said we are going to do the world's fastest rebuild of cable infrastructure and we now are over 93% and on our way to north of 95% rebuild for the AT&T Systems, Comcast already at 99%. So, the plans that we made all happened right out of the box, and you will see here that the products that drive the cash flow such as digital cable continue to grow. We added 1m units last year of digital and we are adding again another 1m this year, and we are going to do a company presentation later, so I am going to go real fast now through some of this that John can -- and Marlene can talk about for those of you that want to know more. But we have a strategy to personalize television with the digital box with video-on-demand high-definition and personal video recorders, digital video recorders to be rolled out in all our markets and what that's going to allow you to do is to have TV on your terms. We have three forms of video-on-demand. Impulse, subscription, and 'best of' and I have to tell you that in Philadelphia, where we pioneered this and we have 850,000 homes and digital boxes. Every month, we are constantly blown away by what's happening. January, our most recent data, February, be out soon. We had -- with the months of four, it was 50% of our customers using the products. It is now creeping up to 60%. We have -- it was once nine or ten times, or eight times per month, the average box is up to close to 15 users per month and the average home is close to 20 users per month, because they have more than one box. Those users mean actually downloading our show to the box and the statistics continue to grow. We added about 2,000 hours of content. We just had our meeting in Phoenix, our engineers basically talked about how the technology of video-on-demand is following Moore's Law very carefully and closely and we are going to soon be able to double the capacity of the servers for half the price. So, it is not far down the road when you can see a world with 10,000 hours of choices for the consumer or more for not much incremental capital. High-speed Internet is fantastic. We started the year and we said we would do 1.2m high-speed Internet connections. We later revised that several times and we came in right around 1.7m high-speed Internet connections, and we got to 5.3m. We have given guidance -- if you pick the middle of the guidance, you'd get 6.9m by the end of the year. Now, with all the noise of DSL competition, price cuts, and this and that, we are north of $40 in average revenue, we are growing faster than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. And I think at times, investors sometimes get confused or lose (inaudible) from the trees on how fantastic this business is. We have 4,000 locations now selling our products on behalf of Comcast. At retail, we completely market ourselves differently. We are developing a portal that allows consumers to have just the best of broadband. At our conference in Phoenix, we had some guest speakers, one of which was Barry Diller, who came and looked at our portal and how it was working and we were showing how video in the portal is going to change the way people use broadband. See in a little camera and you can do video email and you just do it like a regular email and then when one receives or gets it, they click on it and the video plays. No downloading of players. We have that in all of our 6.9m portals in the next -- by the second half of the year. We have video chat, video phone, all the benefits of IP. We had Microsoft in the Xbox Live. The beginning of broadband content is so exciting. I think you are going to see high-speed Internet continue to grow and people are going to be impressed with where we can take it. Telephony continues to be a business that we are preparing the way to go into voiceover IP. Our first priority at Comcast when we heard that AT&T Broadband was to take the money losing operation and get it to moneymaking. That meant losing subs that were unprofitable, that meant tightening up the bad debt limits, and running it in a totally different way. We are pleased that we believe now it will be around 25% operating margins, and we are now ready to take the world's largest non-phone company or the US' largest non-facilities based RBOC with 1.2m or so customers, and leverage that platform to voiceover IP, and we have several markets this year that we are going to be rolling the service out, and with voiceover IP, I think your precision to see another growth business down the road. Equally exciting this last year was what John Alchin and his team did to the balance sheet. If you actually go back to where we were in AT&T, and the reason I am showing this slide is, I am thrilled with what's happened with AT&T, but I am also -- you will see why we felt AT&T Broadband was a must have event for our company, and to preview the rate conversation, it's not a must have situation on any other situation we've ever seen including Disney. But that doesn't change why we -- where we are and what we are doing, but I think this transformed our company and has put us in a position that is I think enviable. Go back to the day of closing, November 18, 2002. On a pro forma basis, we had $34.8b of debt. Now, the first thing we did and we did it before we bid, we asked Microsoft to convert $5b of their debt that was on the AT&T balance sheet into $5b of Comcast common stock. They did sell at approximately $42 a share of Comcast stock. We then through the prudent pay down of debt, through sale of non-strategic assets and then the QVC transaction, we are at a pro forma debt, excluding cash, of $21.1b; perhaps the most aggressive pay down of debt in corporate history. Our balance sheet, while the cash flow was going up, debt has come down, has never been in a stronger position. And on top of that, we have $10b to $12b of consumernon-strategic assets, $1.5b of Liberty, $1.5b of Time Warner, 21% in Time Warner Cable, and some other cable partnerships where we are in-process working out how to either turn them into operating assets or monetize them and pay off debt further. That therefore, leads us to the following picture. From 2002 to what we would probably be in 2005 based on estimates, based on the consensus research, you would see that our capital hit the high watermark of the two companies of over $5b two years ago. $4b last year, three point something -- $3b or $4b this year, and so on for next year. Rebuild is almost finished this year, we get to 99% or 98% company wide this year. If you take almost any estimate you want for EBITDA growth, we've been compounding, we said this year 15% to 17% in '04, pick any numbers you want. It doesn't really change the story. We are going to go from zero free cash flow last year and we were going to be at free cash flow without AT&T and we did have free cash flow last year, but AT&T of course, we took that free cash flow, put it back in the business, we go to $2b and on our way to over $4b of free cash flow in the next couple of years. So therefore, why Disney? Well. We can talk a little bit about this in the Q&A, but our view was you don't get to pick the time of your opportunities, they pick you. And right or wrong, we anticipated that this was a company at a moment in time that was going to its shareholders and its board, we're going to be in a position to consider its strategic future, and its strategic alternatives. And I believe then, I believe now that if you put the two companies together in a rational way, fair to both sets of shareholders that the resulting company would be better for both sets of shareholders. You would be able to take our technology and our distribution, our fear in 22m American homes in the best cities, 22 of the top 25 cities in the country and accelerate the change that we fundamentally believe it's happening to television in this country. In the next five years, as personalization and TV on your terms happens, those companies that are aggressively as Ted Turner did, or HBO, or John Malone did with Discovery Channel were there at the beginning of the next generation. Those were the winners in wealth creation. None of the existing broadcasters started CNN, or ESPN, or BET, or Discovery Channel, or HBO, or Show Time. We go right on down the most popular cable channels, but they had the capacity to do so, and I think that it's our view that we can help take the content, and the libraries, and the portfolio of The Walt Disney Company and help to accelerate its growth rate. The same time, I think that for our shareholders, if we do it in a prudent way, we can take a company that makes $1.400b less today than they made five years ago, that we can get in and what we do well is integrate, and operate, and revitalize a company that perhaps can create value at a faster rate for both companies. And is it something we have to do? No, AT&T tripled the size of Comcast and put us in markets that we otherwise could not be in. There are many different ways of where we could go from that point, but we saw the company reaching this inflection point and said this is a fair proposition, we'd like to take it to short, if it happens, great, if it doesn't, life goes on because we are going to continue to stay focused and operate our core business. For those of you who have never invested in the stock, I can't leave without showing this chart, that over 30 years, our number one focus has been creating shareholder value. And we think buying well, selling well, knowing when to walk away, and knowing how to operate and stay focused, has what's allowed this to happen. I think we are extremely well positioned with the technology change that's about to happen toward the consumer. I think our company has the best technology in and out of the home and we are very focused on making that happen for another 30 years. With that, Ray? 150. If you look at what happened then, not that dissimilar to almost every time we think about doing something that people said, you know what, these are cable systems that can't be rebuilt, it's going to cost more than you think. They've been run by a phone company and they've lost a lot of customers and momentum to satellite. DSL is going to come in and eat cable's launch, satellite is going to get more aggressive, and what's happened? I'm pinching myself as I've said as how well the integration is going. We moved a 150 people the first day really three months before. Steve Burke did a fantastic job of organizing the company to be ready for something like this and in that year, we did not think -- we set guidance that we would stop losing subs and never imagined we'd add $140,000 back and in many markets we are growing at the fastest rate they have grown in five years. Nobody could predict high-speed data. Everyone predicted its demise, I think at one point when we said we are going into the high-speed data business and we are going to spend capital to go into it, we got some push back from some corners, and then one day, it was like why don't you go in faster? So, you never can predict these things and nobody's crystal ball is perfect, but high-speed data is proving to be cable TV of the next generation, and I don't think there is any end inside, and a consumer even though the phone companies cut the price, the consumer knows one is the Catalac, I saw some prints in General Motors, so I'll stay with their brand, and one is the Chebby. And if I want to go fast and I want to have the best Internet experience and it's a good value. So, even in the phase of a global price alternative in many markets, we added more customers than we did last year and more than we thought we would add. Then along comes the new technologies and I think there are fronttwo-way video-on-demand that we were at a cable labs meeting talking about two years ago, how to work more closely with the consumer electronics industry and Bill Gates came and spoke to us, and he basically ended up by saying 'I'm more excited today about the next ten years than I was in 1996 when I invested in Comcast and the reason is IP', and at the time I never heard about IP and I went running around and said, 'What's he talking about'. But today, voiceover IP is on everybody's lips, but I am not sure that's where IP ends and the whole wave of consumers having more access to information and digitization and cables' two-way capability, and Gates said 'I am so excited about your prospects in this industry, I am going to do more as Microsoft do try to help you in terms of inventing products, but secondly I am not going to invest in satellite in Rupert's pending purchasing of Direct like I was five years ago or four years ago, because I don't -- they don't have a two-way pipe and it's cables to lose.' So, having come through that tunnel of the last 18 months to have the company have the results that we were just able to put up. So, one thing that is driving me nuts is people saying, why you did this because you don't think cable has a good future. Because I have to tell you, I can see how that's intellectually understandable that that conclusion is there that is not what drove us. We looked at a situation, we don't want to re-lever, we just came through that period and this seemed like we aren't -- they are not asking them to sell out Disney, the notion that although you're capped out, here is a check. It's AT&T Wireless, it's over, you get your money go by. That's not what we are offering. We are saying here's 42% of a combined enterprise, but we have to look at it and do it in a way that it's fair to (inaudible) but I am more bullish on cable, how could you not be having just come through the excitement of what we've done and seeing all the new products whether it's high-def TV, we are selling some weeks and to 20,000 a week high-def connections, VOD, the usage is going like this, we've just signed a deal with Viacom to get a lot of their content and others are coming along wonderfully. As many people are excited about the phone -- IP phone, at our management conference, we had a whole technology area, wheredo you see video phone, in the next couple of years what happened there, I think we go right past voice, right to a video application, video chat, video email, and a richness of broadband. So, yes I am more bullish than I was 18 months ago when there was certainly at the end of that AT&T process, the business looked like it might be going down still to have turned it this quickly, how can you not be bullish. I couldn't see where you came from, sorry I was looking around. There you are, I got you. I think the spending for VOD will depend if we get access to the content, that we hope to have access too, then I think you will continue to see us invest in some nominal way or depending on what your definition for nominal is, on a $3b plus capital budget, less than 10% on interactive services and video-on-demand for our customers, but what is happening is we are changing the way we architect the whole network. Today, video-on-demand is one set of capital spending, video analog is another set of spending, converter box is a spending, high-speed Internet is a group they spend, telephone is a group, and so on. And our Chief Technical Officer laid out a vision for us to where and this is back to Bill Gates 'In world of IP, if you ride the scale of what's happened with all the Internet protocol applications in the world, you are going to be able to, for instance, have video-on-demand servers and a system to access it, but, if you set your parental controls on your TV set, your parental controls work on your Internet, and they work on your video-on-demand. There is one system end to end, and one of the announcements that got lost in the hubbub of Disney was the night before we announced that we had purchased 51% of TV Guide, an electronic programming guide for our markets, and all of their software development group now work in a joint venture that we have total operational management of and control. So, it's as we look at the future of our business, we see the end-to-end experience starting with the technology over here and the software to run it here, and the application on another layer, and a consumer at the end. We wanted to have basically one technical team control the whole end-to-end experience. So, that we are not duplicating efforts if we want to make a new application boom, it can happen and that goes from back here at the server side, and so today's video-on-demand servers are all proprietary equipment, tomorrow as we hope are going to follow Moore's Law, and are going to be Internet protocol based systems with taking a cheapening storage in the world and a massive advancement in computing power, and have that all right to the benefit of our network. And so, Dave said we used to be in silos, Dave Fellows, our CTO now we are going with one vertical stack. Before the AT&T bid? Okay. The question was how important is it to get wireless to the bundle eventually. We've announced a deal with T-Mobile where some of their hot spots or all of their hot spots would be in our markets, Comcast enabled. I think wireless in-house is a great product and so we're -- that's part of our offerings. If wireless means cell phones, I personally don't think that the consumer is going to buy that way. But there is five or six cell phone companies and only one of those people in our markets competes with us, after DSL. So, I think we are always going to have the choice of three or four companies who want to -- if we need to resell or remarket, we're going to have those options. We used to be in the cellular business and we didn't do a whole lot together, we didn't find that how consumers, they don't like to buy things that cost $150 a month. They would rather buy three $50 a month products and get the best in breed. But that's a constantly changing dynamic, but our strategy -- our look at it John is that there is no reason for us to go out and buy a wireless company, because we can't -- we think there is more than, than there are about and we can always find a way to partner with them if we need to and we've it ready. Assume you want to do high-def video conferencing, maybe a niche application today. When you actually see it, it blows you away, when you think of peering, peer-to-peer. So, our network, which makes me bullish and why I gave the answer I gave you Ray on the first question, which I think is the litmus-test question, the network 2004 looks a strong and robust as it has ever looked in where we can go from this point forward. It's why we made a giant bet to buy AT&T, that's why we made a giant bet to rebuild every system. We stopped looking at the payback. Some investors have said, 'Oh! My gosh! It's a little royal pay'. So, you know what this is the strategy that company is on. We are going to put hybrid fiber/coax into every market. We are going to have it all-digital world at some point, and if we give great service, I will give you one other thing that we rolled out at our conference, it is time now to improve our quality of service to the consumer. We've put in ten new call centers. AT&T had outsourced it all to Canada and others. We moved it back against the current trend, costing us money, baked into all the numbers I put up in the slides into the local markets and our internal slogan, not our consumer slogan is to all of our people, 'Think customer first', and we are going to change the evolution it's happened in the last ten years from a single company focus to multi-competitors. This is now the moment for us to accelerate all the initiatives we have with the customer, and customer service and not just the call centers, but all the technical people, and our ability to sell products and the localism that we have, and nobody else has. And I think, we put all those pieces together, we are in great shape. Well, what we've said there is, first of all, we've a long time to figure that out between now signing and closing, you're looking at well more than a year and, so, one of Steve's statement has been 'I'll do whatever I need to do to help and make the company successful'. He is fantastic, uniquely qualified to help us recruit a team whether or that means he goes to California or whether he is (inaudible) back home and there is people at all the key jobs, we'll figure that out together. But we have a great team in the cable. I don't envision that we're going to have a problem in anyway on that front and either way, I think it's an exciting place to want to be at Comcast right now. We just again left our troops. Everybody is upbeat whether we get this deal or not, there is so much happening in the company, and I think Steve can be very central to all of that. But one of the things that I think makes our opportunity somewhat unique or somewhat better is you have a person who has worked at the company you're talking about in three of the four areas and knows 100 people were times ten will either used to work there or would like to work there or working there now and don't feel they are getting any of the opportunity they would like and the cardinal letters are coming in pretty overwhelmingly to say 'gee, what about this (inaudible) and we've sort of just said -- this isn't the period of time to dream about all that, but do I think we can take our culture and the best of what they've got and create something where Steve helps to make that happen and at the same time, not do it with the politics that the cable folks aren't contributing, but I don't think anyone's done that as well. I think Viacom has done a pretty good job of integrating -- I think the new Time Warner is certainly trying very hard, Rupert has done it extremely well with NewsCorp. It can be done. And I don't think, you have to take your eye off your core business. Cable will be the heart and soul of our company no matter how the story turns out. That's all I have ever done for many many years, but people said the same thing when we did QVC. What do you know about retailing? What do you know about E! Entertainment or what do you know, this is a different scale and I don't kid myself and that's all the reason we're going to be disciplined, because we need to be. Final point on it if you want to move on. Let me just talk about the market reaction and the offer and everything else. We've tried to come up with something that was a fair, reasonable proposition for both shareholders. So we looked at the stock and we've got -- we've made an assumption, it could be a very bad assumption that the stock market is usually right, not always but usually and the longer you go over time, the more right the market tends to be. And the stock for Disney and the stock for Comcast on a relative trading basis for three years, two years, one year, six months, three months, one month, one day. Every one of those relevant measurement periods, our offer was a 10% to an 18% premium. If you look at cash flow, they are in the -- they would get about 38% of the company and if you are on '05, including some consensus estimates on their performance, if you look at free cash flow, it's an even lower number. So, we've looked at these relative levels without any inside help, without any encouragement, without -- just knowing what we know and we bid a premium. And we said that should be compelling since nobody is selling. We are getting Steve Burke, hopefully, Brian had some value here, you are getting a 30-year track record of double the S&P 500, you are getting only one is something more than two. We are not going to go out and pay for that today, because we don't know what we can do, it is more risky, it is going to take -- it is different and what's -- and you get 42% of the combined company. Our stocks gone down 8b, theirs is going up 5b, give or take. So either there is a negative 3b build into putting the two together, that something bad happens or there is an anticipation in the marketplace that I don't think is viable or realistic that we can just keep going and bid against ourselves. And so this would be nice if we can find a way to do it, but what's happened is the Disney stock is going up and maybe they have sustainable long-term opportunities and that would be that, maybe in the end, markets find their own level, if something was $15 to $24the day you before you showed up in that time period and you came in at $26 that that was clearly a premium. We've been arbitraged or maybe the market is speaking then it is what it is and so, we are not doing this for the wrong reasons. We see it as an opportunity. We still hope it can happen, but I've got to tell you I love awkward business and we are not going to do anything to distract ourselves in a way that we just hope that market finds the right level. There is no black or white reasons why any of us do anything. They are all factors in the decision you make. Ultimately, believe me, don't believe me we see an opportunity. Here is a company that has got some issues. Shareholders have said so, stock market has said so, the cash flow has said so, last five years, doesn't mean they are not going to fix them all, doesn't mean like -- and there's an opportunity we saw that we think our company can help them and make a strategic direction for their future that is better for both companies. Is it a fact that Rupert Murdoch went out and just bought DirecTV? Sure, it's a fact. Is that a reason to give away our company? Absolutely not, and I don't think we are going to and I don't think we want to and I don't think we have to. Is it a fact that content and distribution handwork together, but don't have to work together? I think it's pretty doing obvious. All the people in the business, I'll say of course, what an opportunity to have both halves of the equation work together. But we have been very disciplined in saying we can't pay for that opportunity at the expense of your own wonderful company and so, I am not so worried about our future, yes, it's more competitive than it's ever been. But we have tremendous plans to deal with that and to take advantage of that as we have the last ten years and the chart you saw for the last five years, you could have sat here five years ago and asked me the same question. Well, gee, satellite is getting more aggressive. Charlie Ergen is going to cut the price, you know bla bla bla bla, somebody was saying something at the moment. I think RCN was in rage and there were many other -- there is always a worry and that is what always creates a market, but to do this because we are worried, we are going to be commoditized, or cheapened or irrelevant, the facts just don't bare that out and -- I am paid to worry and I worry about all the things that you worry about, but I don't know any company in our space that can feel as good about what's going to happen in 2004 and 2005 to their prospects. At some point, your crystal ball runs out and we just all guessing, but there is no reason to see cable having any real short-term issues and longer term, I think ultimately, we're going to develop new products as we have for 30 years. And that this -- you know what, the cable modem uses one channel and yet 25% or so are going to take it and pay $40 some a month for that one channel and it wasn't invented ten years ago. We have cable labs and all sorts of initiatives to come up with five more great ideas, I don't know that we've ever seen one quite as great as that, but some can think phone will be, some think video-on-demand, personal video recorders, advertising. How many businesses can be dreaming this many positives and yes, you've got that same two competitors you've always had and now, you've got to give better service to your local and you should have real advantages.Well, let me say that, I mean, there's a lot of Comcast executives listening in on this call so one of our goals is to take focus this year on our business plan. We went through the same interesting process with AT&T Broadband, and we had a great year that year. Cable is a very decentralized business and I don't think we're going to lose our focus at all during the year. This will certainly take some time for some of the senior executives, but that's what we've been doing for the last 15 years. As to the phone question, I think that the Voice Over IP is where we have always felt most comfortable. We have more cable phone customers than any company in the space today thanks to AT&T and to our own phone operations. So we have a real business, and it's going to evolve. We've always pointed to taking it in steps. And other capable companies are going to be getting some real market learning, and some may be more aggressive. That's always been the way in cable. Some rolled out HBO faster than others, others rolled out high-speed Internet faster than others, and digital boxes. In the end, when the consumer likes it and it's a good payback for capital, everybody seems to find the same solution. And so phone is very much going to continue to be something we're working on. But we have previously said that our principal focus is high-speed Internet growth, and Video-On-Demand, and high definition television, right now with a very video focus, while we continue to make VOIP a reality. And I don't think today's announcement in a net-net will do anything to change that. Let me just say again, this is a very busy day, thrilled with the earnings results, thrilled with how well it's come together. I think this is a great opportunity for both shareholders and both companies. We hope to see this happen, and we thank you for the call. John? Steve, I think this was a fantastic summary, and obviously we're going to have an opportunity to do questions, but let me just add a few points. I can't say enough about what Steve has accomplished with his merger integration efforts and the team at Comcast Cable with AT&T Broadband. But if you go back in time 10 years ago, Comcast has built the company consistently with integrating operations, trying to create a culture where it's a fun place to work, where people want to join our company, like Steve Burke, like David Cohen, like a number of executives who have joined us in the last couple years and many of the people and the stability of the team that we've had for over 20 years, John Alchin, Larry Smith. Number two, I think we have a proven approach to working with the best of both companies whenever we take a situation. I met with thousands of employees at AT&T Broadband who I think are thrilled to now be part of Comcast. We have a proven track record of being disciplined buyer, disciplined seller, and having great success in content heretofore. If you turn to the next chart are numerous examples. The biggest of course is QVC, again a business very different than cable, electronic commerce and retailing, but we have managed to support the great folks at QVC in building the world's premier electronic commerce company. From a $370 million or so investment, we achieved $7.9 billion in monetizable proceeds for our shareholders which was a 37% compounded rate of return for over the period of time that we invested the money, the cash flow growth at QVC, operating cash flow was up over 18% a year for 10 years compounded, and a combined company had a value north of $14 billion. Very different business, but finding the experts in their field, taking technology leaps at the time, and the consumer great success. That's the one question we didn't anticipate. Well, let me, again, today's the first day and I want to, my own belief is you can say what you can, and you know, it's a journey, and what we today believe is that, yeah, you can license content, and we've had great success this year, John reported in greater detail than we ever have before on our success with negotiating content rights. But when you're two separate companies, you know, you have two separate agendas. When you work together, you're trying to figure out how to accelerate and work as a team. Everything we've done had that team approach in the past. And so as an opportunity to work together to experiment, to be on the cutting edge, it's one thing when you're separate, and it's a wholly different experience when we have a meeting of executives and say, okay, here's the goal, how can we all get there? And I just don't think there's any comparison between the two. It doesn't mean we're not having decent successes. We had a great year and I think we just gave guidance and feel confident about our guidance that we just gave out for 2004, the financial results speak for themselves. As to the various parts of the company, I think right now, you know, we've got to look at the whole package and try to figure out how the businesses that are different, I mean, we own a sports team in Philadelphia, that we have a partner who is extremely skilled at running the teams and is an expert. And every business we've gone into, QVC was a very different business, we had the world's experts both founding it and managing it. And so on in every business that is new and different, and I think that is part of what makes it a great place to partner with and work with. Because we have an environment that respects individuals and entrepreneurs, Steve, maybe you want to comment a little bit? Thank you, Jessica. First of all, I think that question, the last question on the management, I think we have a terrific track record of finding ways to attract people to the company. Companies such as this with a culture, I think, it would be the most exciting place to work and if we do our jobs right, should be fun, the kinds of properties that the company has, the excitement that we can create and I just think the phone's going to ring off the hook with people inside all companies and outside the company who would like to be part of this and that's something that Steve has been brilliant about finding how best to attract people, promote people, train and recruit. And I think that's been the hallmark of Comcast for a long time. I think we're focused on this situation right now. It's hard to speculate, and theorize. I think we have been, there are many ways that you could build a company as you've suggested, but as I look at the power of this combination, the opportunity for shareholders or new products, and we love our own company. If, you know we're not in any way suggesting anything but that, but it's an extraordinary company that would be created, and a chance to bring a brand like Disney, which is so wonderfully powerful in its, with kids, with families, and where it can continue to develop, I think this is where we're focused. But if it weren't to be, it weren't to be. Well, as Steve laid out, it's sort of struck us as surprising how far in fourth place this company is. When Steve ran ABC's TV stations, there was significantly different cash flow and a different era. But a number of the other broadcast networks and station groups have continued to find ways to grow their advertising and saw some earnings results this week to that effect and continue to find ways. And that's one of the reasons we wanted television is going to change here in the next five years, no doubt about it. But there's no company better positioned to give consumers that change in a way that creates value for the shareholders and gives the consumer what they want than a cable company. And working together. As to the regulatory, we believe this is eminently consistent with all laws that guide our space, very consistent with the recent transaction that just got completed by News Corp with they own the distribution locally, as well as broadcast. There's a number of the same kind of parts to the company, and there was a number of decrees that the government had News Corp enter into, and we're comfortable following that path. David Cohen, who is Executive Vice President for all this area, for Comcast, do you want to add anything to that? Okay. So now to your first part of your question, I think the ball's in Disney's court. I think we've made a very wonderful offer because as they consider all of those issues around succession planning, you look at the various things that have been said about that issue for the company, here we not only provide the beginnings of a management team, but 21.5 million subs and a fantastic distribution company. So I think this is fair for both sets of shareholders when you're doing something like this, you have the to really try to find a sweet spot that people say wow, I want this to happen and it could be great for my shareholders in the short run and in the long run and we expect that the board will do the right thing in considering this proposal. And we believe looking at other transactions, JP Morgan and Banc One just got done, it seems like the market really found the combination better than either company could do on its own, at the same time, there was a very disciplined approach to making it happen. And I believe and I'm hopeful that this begins that process and the ball, you know, why the timing now? We think we are positioned to do it, we think we're able to have paid off, you know, all the issues with AT&T, gotten the company in incredibly good position. I spoke earlier this week, didn't seem like it was going to happen any other way. Ultimately, we're seeking to find a way to make this as friendly as possible, as quickly as possible. And you know, I can't say enough that, you know, that is how this will work best. And we're hopeful that that will happen, and, you know, what more can you say at this point? No we have not been in contact with any particular shareholders. Have had no discussion and no contacts. Down the road, I'm not going to comment, we hope the folks will do the right thing here and seriously consider why this is the right deal. This is a very serious offer, I think a very focused opportunity and we hope to make it happen. We're not going to speculate down the road. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, John. I'm just going to quickly wrap up the year-end and talk about the big announcement today, and begin now after this slide to get to a second presentation. But it would be remiss, and I think it sets up for the next conversation to talk about how pleased I am and thrilled with the performance of the company for the year. Our goal for '04 is to now take the momentum and get to a combined by the fourth quarter, year-end, a 40% cash flow margin for the company, to continue to gain basic customers, as Steve said, and to now really begin to roll out Video-On-Demand to continue to launch DBRs and we've seen a surge in high definition television all around the Super Bowl and other events. High-speed Internet continues to be the growth engine, and we see terrific results. We obviously are thrilled to be at 5.3 million customers with the guidance that John gave you, you can see we're going to have, again, we anticipate a very strong year. And we're preparing the company for telephony really in '05 by doing four Voice Over IP trials and launches and tests this year. So I think that other critical point was that we were able to pay off so much debt. A terrific job by the treasury department. And the deal department in monetizing non-strategic assets. We have a lot more there. We've begun dialog with Time Warner to begin to register the securities from the Time Warner partnership and sell that position here, and so ultimately, our balance sheet is going to continue to get even more strong and the company will get stronger which is what leads us now into the second presentation and on our news today with Disney. And let me just say that this is a very exciting moment for everyone and myself with today's announcement that we would like to find a way to put our company together with the Walt Disney Company. Niraj?I think we appreciate what you said, not sure you ever have a perfect vision for a company at any one moment in time, but we have believed that the scale in Cable was going to make a difference and it is really starting to pay dividends. You are seeing it in the innovation, the service and frankly just the results that Neil and the team have done. Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. This is a really special moment for our Company with a number of exciting developments to tell you about today. We are reporting strong results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2012, accelerating the acquisition of GE's equity interest in NBCUniversal and demonstrating confidence and optimism in the future of all our businesses by increasing our dividend 20% and announcing our plan to repurchase $2 billion of our stock during 2013. Let me begin with our strong financial results for both the fourth quarter and the full year which highlight our momentum and how we are benefiting from scale and from our focus on operational excellence. These results demonstrate that our investments for growth and strategic differentiation, particularly in programming, technology and in new products, are helping us lead in innovation and strengthening our position in the market. Michael will discuss the results in more detail, but I want to provide a few highlights. Let me start with Cable which capped accelerating performance throughout the year with a strong fourth quarter. Every part of the Cable business showed strength with revenue increases in all our residential products, in Business Services and in advertising. High-speed Internet led the way in both revenue and subscriber growth. We added 1.2 million HSI customers in 2012, a 6% increase and the seventh year in a row of more than 1 million customer additions. In video we extended the trend of improving subscriber and revenue results. The fourth quarter was the ninth quarter in a row of year-over-year improvements in video subscribers and we expect that, excluding the impact of Hurricane Sandy, we added subscribers in the fourth quarter. Just as important, video revenue growth of 2.9% in the fourth quarter was the highest in four years. Our triple-play offering is driving a rebound in voice with strong customer growth in the fourth quarter and we reached the milestone of 10 million voice customers early this new year. Last but certainly not least, Business Services was again the second largest contributor to Cable's growth as it continues to expand its services to small businesses and its presence in the mid-size market. So it's been a fantastic 2012 for Cable and a great fourth quarter. The XFINITY brand is taking hold and we are making steady headway in customer service and the Cable team is delivering consistent and first-rate operating performance. Neil Smit is doing a fabulous job and so is his team. Similarly at NBCUniversal, Steve Burke and the NBCUniversal folks have had a very successful year. NBCUniversal's 2012 results highlight in particular the improving performance of our broadcast businesses. NBC's primetime performance this fall has been improving. While we recognize it is early in the turnaround, this is driving a big swing in momentum which should continue to help the network. Our Cable networks continue to drive NBCUniversal's profitability and there were some real highlights there too. USA remained the highest rated Cable Entertainment Network for the seventh year in a row, Bravo had its seventh consecutive best year ever, and we also completed re-brands at E! and Style, and in terms of a rating, golf, mun2 and MSNBC were three of the five fastest growing channels on television all of last year. NBCUniversal's 2012 results also included stronger box office performance in film and outstanding results at the theme parks. So let me talk about now our future since we are excited about our businesses and are going to continue to invest to reinforce our differentiation and to drive growth. High-speed Internet and Business Services continue to be the drivers for Cable. And in 2013 we are investing to increase the speed once again of our high-speed Internet services and to expand the deployment of wireless Gateways that deliver the fastest in-home service and power the growing number of wirelessly connected devices in our customers' homes. We're also extending our network to business rich areas to continue to gain share in small businesses and medium-sized businesses and to expand our MetroE products. Our XFINITY Home service has exciting growth potential too. It is now available across the entire footprint and, while it's still early and the numbers are relatively small, XFINITY Home is attracting new customers and working well as the fourth product in some of the bundles. 76% of our XFINITY Home customers are quad-play, 22% are new to Comcast, and of those 73% come in buying all four products. In 2012 we rolled out our first X1 service, our cloud-based interactive guide and user interface, in six markets. This year we will expand the rollout of X1 to the majority of our footprint and you'll also begin to see X1 more as a platform as we enable cloud delivered applications to our customers. At NBCUniversal the Universal theme parks have been a real standout and we see great potential in the years ahead. And so we are investing in new attractions to continue to transform our parks into more must visit destinations. The new Transformers ride was an enormous success at Universal Studios Hollywood this past year and will be opening in Orlando in 2013. And we are expanding the hugely successful Harry Potter attraction including working on bringing it to Hollywood. Now let's discuss the announcements we made last night regarding our acquisition of GE's existing 49% equity interest in NBCUniversal. Two years in the strategic rationale for bringing together our content and distribution businesses and the opportunities for growth and value creation available at NBCUniversal are even stronger and better than we first anticipated. We've been hard at work inside these businesses for the last two years and now have the knowledge and confidence to accelerate the buyout of GE. In effect we are buying stock in our own Company and investing in businesses that we know well. Our programming investments are beginning to pay off driving strong early results at NBC Broadcast Network and a turnaround in ratings and financial performance at our local stations. We also successfully integrated the Comcast cable channels and regional sports networks and we're investing across our cable networks to strengthen the brands and to reinforce the value. As a result we're beginning to see improved affiliate fees for the cable channels and the benefits of retransmission consent fees for NBC and Telemundo. We have achieved strong growth across the theme parks and we're also reinvigorating our franchises in the film business. Finally, we've demonstrated real value when we bring together our content and distribution businesses to support important initiatives for the whole Company. We call that Project Symphony and whether you look at the success of The Lorax or The Voice or in particular last year's Olympics, many of these successes were amplified because of our Symphony approach. So we are really pleased with the transition, have a great management team in place and strong momentum and we are bullish about NBCUniversal's future. This is also a good time to complete the acquisition since we are able to fund it through a combination of cash from operations, proceeds from the sale of nonstrategic assets, plus attractively priced public debt and seller financing from General Electric. We now have a simplified structure and balance sheet and our goal is to continue to strengthen this balance sheet and achieve even stronger credit ratings over time while we continue to provide a sustainable return of capital to shareholders. I believe we are uniquely positioned with great businesses and real opportunities for growth and aim to continue to strengthen our Company. As we start 2013 we have real momentum and we are maintaining our focus on execution and disciplined investment to build in each and every one of these exciting businesses. Let me now pass it to Michael to cover the results and the transaction in greater detail. I just want to add one last point on the -- each of these agreements, including the Fox agreement and the Disney agreement that Neil alluded to before, we have signed long-term agreements. So the question of where are we with most of our -- we always have some agreement coming up, but we have now with the majority of our relationships for the next several years there's always a few here and there and then there are new things that get created. And we are always -- seem to be finding new ways to deliver content to consumers. So it is an ongoing dialogue. That being said, we did plan for this and expected this for 2013.Thank you. I know who she is. Okay. Okay. The next seven items of business are shareholder proposals. These proposals are statements for and against our adoption are set forth in a proxy. The Board has recommended shareholders to vote against these proposals. The first shareholder proposal requests that the Board take the step that may be necessary to adopt the recapitalization plan that will provide for each share stock to have one vote per share. Do we have motion from a duly authorized representative of the Communication Workers of America, general fund to approve the proposal? Please. My employment agreement is stated out in the proxy. It's a complicated arrangement. If I were to die, there is some insurance and some income continuation and at the same time, I am not familiar with what you referred to at the end in terms of saying employees should never contract? Thank you. If I could ask -- if I could ask lights to be turned up. I see someone standing at the microphone up to the left there, and if we could turn it up on both sides, just that we can see. Yes sir. We have many union contracts in the Company. So we have many places where there are agreements. Thank you. Mr. Collins, can you answer? Mr. Collins? Not to my knowledge, no. I don't know that we have state of policy such as that, we have each individual situation gets reviewed by the appropriate compensation policies we have in the compensation committee, but we appreciate your comment, thank you. Is there a second? Ms. Davis? Thank you. Our third order of business will be the proposal to approve our amended and restated 2002 restricted stock plan. The proposal and reason for its adoption are set forth in the proxy. Is there a motion to approve this proposal? Okay, at this time I would like to see if there is any others questions that shareholders might have. Sir? [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. We have about 75 internal attorneys. Thank you, Ms. Kruger. I just want to point out that Comcast is not alone in having dual class voting structure. Many other successful companies Washington Post, Wirecom, Google, Berkshire Hathaway, all have -- New York Times, many other news corporations have dual class. As you saw from our slide presentation earlier, I would take away that since the inception of Comcast, shareholders have been 15 times better than the S&P 500. That's pretty amazing when you think of the power of the compounding, and it helps us attract. There are many, many stocks out there. People agree this is not a new condition, but we appreciate your comments. Ms. Davis? Thank you. Next is the shareholder proposal requesting the Board to take necessary steps to nominate two directors for every one open directorship. Do we have a motion from [Mr. Richard Dee] or his duly authorized representative to approve this proposal? Okay. Thank you. The final order of business is a shareholder proposal requesting the Board require a vote on executive compensation at each future annual meeting of shareholders. Do we have a motion from [John Schwarzer] or his duly authorized representative to approve the proposal? Clerical error won't happen again. Our policy at this meeting is that I am the Chairman of the Board, the representative of the Board to answer the questions. So if my -- I will take my best to say, our policy is to let workers have a choice and to have the employees choose freely in an open environment. The Company represents lots of job growth, lots of job creation and we have a wonderful relationship over a long time with 100,000 employees. And we have many employees perhaps as yourself, who are part of unions and that's their choice as well. Thank you, Arthur. At this time I would like to give a brief report on our Company's progress and future plans. And so let me direct your attention to the slides and begin with the safe harbor disclosure. Let me get my slides. Comcast, I think if you would just summarize our desires for shareholders, it's to build the Company with profitable growth driving long-term shareholder value. In order to do that, I think there really are three categories of things the Company is focused on. First, we need to have and continue to have the best customer experience and customer value proposition. In order to do that, we are pleased that our products are now available to more than 44 million homes, our triple play of video, high-speed Internet and digital voice, more than any other national competitor out there that can offer all three products to that many homes. Each service we think is well differentiated, competitive and on a path to benefit from the significant technological change that's going to happen in the next few years, and we think we have a very exciting product roadmap. You have heard us in the past and we can talk some today and show you some of the new product innovations that we are working on, cross platform between these three services, our wireless initiative that we just announced last week. Our goal is to continually innovate where we have the best and sharpest video product, the fastest high-speed Internet product and a communications platform that connects people in and out of the home. We also need to strike the right balance with shareholders and the investments that we make today versus the returns we are able to take out of the business in the immediate term and what to do with that shareholder return. In 2007, I think we demonstrated our increasing return of capital to shareholders. In just the last five quarters, we have purchased $4.1 billion of our stock back reducing shares outstanding by approximately 6%. We have $5.9 billion remaining in our stock repurchase plan that the Board authorized and we expect to complete that by year-end '09. And as many of you know, we announced the resumption of our quarterly dividend after many years of investing in the business where last quarter we paid a $185 million on April 30th. Everything we are doing is focused on enhancing the competitive position helping to continue to grow the business while generating attractive shareholder returns. Let's take a quick look at 2007. It was a solid year in a challenging environment. We grew revenues 12% on a consolidated basis and cash flow pro forma for acquisitions taken out of it, so year-over-year apples-to-apples we grew 13%. These are pretty healthy growth rates, but slightly less than what we had started out the year hoping for. Our consolidated free cash flow as we said at the beginning of the year was a year that we were focused on making investments, because if you drop to the bottom statistics, you will see that our new product sales were nearly 20% higher and that required an upfront investment. These new products are things like High-Definition, DVRs, and products that we get a recurring monthly revenue from and we think are very attractive incremental investment. As you can see, we repurchased $3.1 billion of the stock and our earnings per share increased as well. But, as we all know, the second half of last year and continuing through today is a very challenging economic environment. This slide, which I hope you can see in color and can get a feel for, you will notice that starting in the second quarter, the orange box represents all the various competitors in video. And if you take DirecTV, DISH Network, Comcast, Time Warner, AT&T, Verizon, and you combine their net additions in each quarter, and the gray box represents 2006 for the same group. Call this a pie, the video marketplace, the growth rate slowed in each of the last three quarters of 2007. And so you will see that in high-speed data, the same phenomenon with the green box versus the gray box, in 2007, the growth rate slowed. Why is that? Well, I believe part of the slowdown has to be related to a slowing economy. Whether that's housing starts or people who are saving expenses, or sum of both, the market has shrunk and that continues to go through in 2008. At the same time we had the double whammy of increasing competition throughout the second half of 2007 and again, I think from now and into the future. And as you can see at the bottom, the competition comes in many forms and many flavors, each of which has its own set of attributes and in many cases their own sets of liabilities. That said however, we continue to have a pretty good year in 2007 despite this trend. Thank you, David, and good morning. Before we proceed I would like to introduce to you to the directors, nominee of Director and members of Senior Management who are here today. Start with Ralph Roberts, Founder; Decker Anstrom, Ken Bacon, Sheldon Bonovitz. Have them stand up? Okay, if people want to stand up -- Ed Breen, Julian Brodsky, Joe Collins, Mike Cook, Jeff Honickman, Dr. Judith Robin, Mike Sovern, Gerald Hassell, a Director nominee; Steve Burke, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Mike Angelakis, Chief Financial Officer; Larry Salva, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and there is other members of the team, so I think I will stop there. Well, Art Block and I will estimate the number at about $15 million. I do. Any discussion on this matter? Fourth order of business will be the proposal to approve our amended and restated 2003 stock option plan. The proposal and the reasons for its adoption are set forth in the proxy. Is there a motion to approve this proposal? Okay, Mr. Block? We do not. Okay, thank you. I think the one of the things we do as a Board is we give presentations where we do demonstrations of the products both to make sure that everyone understands what our products are and on the other hand there are many people that want them with more choices and how to make sure we are competitive. So we do an analysis and we look at all the different competitors. We try to look the new technologies and make sure we incorporate them. We do a lot of customer education, but I don't quite know, we plan for almost every question, Ms. Davis, that's one I am not sure that I can always say we make it simple enough, I think it's a fair point, and something that we keep working on to make it better all the time. Thank you. Next is the shareholder proposal requesting the Board to prepare a pay differential report. Do we have a motion, or duly authorized representative [John Granolith] on this motion? All right, well -- Okay. Here is the microphone right behind you. A lot of the lobbying fees are actually included in the legal fees. I think our total lobbying fees were approximately, and this is an outside figure, where approximately $10 million in 2007. No, we are not involved. Thank you. Mrs. Davis? Quite well, we have $5.9 billion more to buy back, I believe it's the number. We bought $1 billion of stock in the first quarter. That was one of the -- in the fourth quarter we bought $1.5 billion back. We believe the stock has been a -- is an opportunity for the Company to take some of its free cash and buy the stock back. And we are committed to buying back the remainder over the next seven quarters of that $5.9 billion. Thank you. The next proposal is your proposal Mrs. Davis, requesting the Board to take steps that may be necessary to identify by name and title in future proxy statements those executive officers entitled to receive in excess of $500,000 annually. Would you like to make that motion authorized? Thank you. Next is a shareholder proposal requesting the Board to adopt principles for comprehensive healthcare reform. Do we have a motion from a duly authorized representative of sisters of Saint Francis of Philadelphia, the Congregation of the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, Catholic Healthcare West, or the Congregation of the Sisters of Saint Joseph to approve the proposal? Yes. Thank you. We'll try. No. Okay. The next proposal is second order of business, ratify the appointment of Deloitte and Touche LLP as the Company's independent auditors for 2008. Is there a motion to approve that proposal? Next is a shareholder proposal requesting the Board to take the necessary steps to provide for cumulative voting for Class A common stock shareholders in the election of directors. Do we have a motion from a duly authorized representative of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers pension benefit fund to approve the proposal?Not right now. The only thing I would add to that Andrew, would be that in last year given the sale of the Company and the costs surrounding that sale to Access, we had significant costs just surrounding that and those are clearly costs that are not repeating on an annual basis. Yes. The big movement there is in the accrued royalty area. We had lower payouts in this Q1 of 2012 versus Q1 2011, which really ties back to Q4 of the prior year activity. Q4 activity in 2010 was actually a little bit higher than Q4 activity in 2011, and therefore our pay-outs were higher prior year versus this year. That is a big element of that, what is going on in that line, Andrew. I don't. Yes, multiply those by four you are looking at an annual run rate for us. We will have more recording of severance and more cash severance as we continue to implement the targeted $50 million to $65 million worth of cost savings, so you will see some charges in the quarters as we go out. So Bishop, as I said before, our 360 business given where it is in its life cycle that revenue right now ebbs and flows for us. I said earlier that we had a tough compare in this quarter compared to the same quarter in the prior year, given the large tour that Christophe Mae had in France. We didn't have that kind of a significant tour in this quarter, and therefore we had a drop in what we refer to in some places as nontraditional revenue, and other places as 360 revenue all being the same. Just for a little more depth on it, year-over-year 360 revenue in this quarter represented 9% of recorded music revenue versus 8% of total revenue, and it is a big drop as I said from the prior year quarter, given the impact of that Christophe Mae tour last year versus this year. I think from a Warner/Chappell perspective we are in a more stable business environment. The business itself went through some transition last year in two ways. We acquired a company and hired a new CEO, and then within a few weeks of his joining the Company we entered into discussions to sell the entirety of the Company, so there was volatility just around all of those transactions. I know we spoke in the past about the loss of the large administration agreement with respect to the Warner Brothers Studio, which had a large impact on revenue and a very small impact on retained OIBDA. That has now cycled through. We have cycled through all the numbers injuries number. Last year Warner/Chappell as you can see from the cash flow we made investments in acquisitions we acquired Southside, we acquired M15, which was an addition to our production music library portfolio, and also went and acquired rights internally from songwriters to bring greater stability to that. As Steve said earlier Warner/Chappell along with Cameron is now in a place where we have come to the proper level of investment, and the strategy is now to invest that level consistently through the period to drive more normal results within publishing, and drive the kind of growth that you see in this quarter's results. Bye now. And just to add to that what Steve said, the penetration of those types of devices we all did see Apple's numbers and the number of new devices that were activated in that period, and with gift card redemptions as we said earlier in the script, we enjoyed some benefit in the digital growth. Yes, yes. Within the suite of rights from a 360 perspective for a recording artists, we are securing passive rights in their publishing. Warner/Chappell would have a direct right in their publishing, under the 360 with the recording artists we are getting passive rights in their publishing income streams. If you look at the reflecting run rates. And the second part of your question there, Thomas, is about touring and what it looks like from a schedule perspective. I don't have that schedule for touring as it relates to our businesses in Europe, but I will say that those touring businesses will do tours for both artists that are Warner Music artists and artists that are nonWarner music artists. It is a broad based business. No, that is not a number that we have disclosed anyplace. What I said earlier I think in response to a question that Andrew was asking is that you are going to see severance, P&L charges and cash severance through the fiscal year. All with the thought to execute against the $50 million to $65 million worth of targeted savings that we have discussed before. I mean the only large element I think that we have from a working capital standpoint, not large but a number that we will continue to have through the year is the severance number. Otherwise the working capital movements on the balance sheet are going to pretty much level off. Yes. Thank you Steve, and good morning everyone. This is my first earnings call as a CFO with the Warner Music Group. I am pleased to be with you all today in my new role, and look forward to speaking with many of you in the future. This This has been a quarter of solid progress for the Company. I would like to spend a few minutes providing color beyond what you have already heard from Steve, and seen in this morning's press release. From a revenue perspective digital revenue showed solid increases up 16% with growth in recorded music and music publishing. This was driven in part by continued growth in global digital downloads and by increasingly more significant revenue from streaming and subscription businesses. In recorded music, physical revenue continues to decline for the industry though for WMG, this was partially offset by the sales of Michael Buble's Christmas which skewed towards CDs. Top sellers in the quarter included Michael Buble, Nickelback, Bruno Mars, Udo Lindenberg, Ed Sheeran, and The Black Keys. Our licensing revenue declined 8% in the quarter but we have not seen any negative signs in the underlying business. As we have discussed, our 360 business can ebb and flow, with touring cycles tied to our European concert promotion business. This quarter our 360 revenue was lower as our concert promotion business faced a tough compare with last year's Christophe Mae tour in France. We remain confident that our 360 revenue will grow meaningfully over time. In music publishing increase our increase in performance revenues reflects the health of the US advertising market, strong chart positions, and recent acquisitions, including Southside Music Publishing and 615 Music. Like in recorded music, digital revenue and music publishing benefited from growth in downloads, streaming, and subscription businesses. Our total OIBDA and recorded music OIBDA this quarter are in part related to the strong performance of Michael Buble's Christmas, which helped drive down marketing expense as a percentage of total revenue. Even with a slight decline in recorded music revenues recorded music OIBDA rose 13%, and recorded music OIBDA margin expanded 2 percentage points to 15%. Music publishing's flat OIBDA resulted from increased investment in developing songwriters, which flows through the P&L. We believe the increase in songwriter investment will play off in the long-term. Following our sale to Access Industries in July, we announced targeted cost savings of between $50 million and $65 million over nine fiscal quarters, and we remain on track to achieve chief our target. As you may have already seen, we have added our credit agreement EBITDA calculation to the 10-Q. Many of you have been asking for this guidance in calculating this number, so we hope this new disclosure will be helpful. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows, we are pleased that even with the $79 million cash interest payment in the quarter, we were able to grow our cash balance. Cash grew by $14 million to $168 million due to the success of our key releases and the timing of collections. Free cash flow grew to a positive $14 million, from a negative $179 million in the prior year quarter. Free cash flow in the prior year quarter reflects higher cash severance and bonus payments, as well as investments in Roadrunner and 615 Music. Our release schedule for the remainder of this fiscal year will be back end weighted. Even so, we remain confident in our ability to generate meaningful free cash flow over the course of the fiscal year. Overall we are pleased with cost management, margin expansion this quarter, and we look forward to updating you on our progress going forward. With that, operator, please open the line for questions. Questions and Answers So just from a flow through the P&L standpoint, our 360 or nontraditional revenue flows through revenue line, and it is reflected in the physical and the other lines of our P&L. So there are elements tied to the different rights that we have secured under our Artist agreements, elements tied to the concert promotion businesses, and touring surrounding that. That flowed through those line items.I get to ask the first question and I'm going to ask it because I can't ask myself -- let me ask Ralph; how did everybody do today? Good morning and thank you all. First of all how is the audio, Steve, better? Okay. It was nice to hear a little round of applause for Marlene; I know she is the unsung hero at Comcast and putting today together is no easy challenge, so Marlene on behalf of everybody and I think all of the investors, thank you again. It's an exciting day, and as you hopefully get a chance to meet folks that you haven't otherwise met, we have a tremendous turnout for the company so between the breaks please come and talk to all of us. And at the same time I think we are going to try to impart some of the enthusiasm and excitement that we all feel for what is happening at the company, what's happening in the industry. So let me begin by sort of stepping back and talking, for those of us that have been doing it for this a while, a critical decision point, kind of a so-called fork in the road that occurred somewhere between 1992 and 1996. We had two choices, I think as an industry. One was to continue on a regulatory path with more regulation that might have had less competition where we signed up in 1996 in the Telecom Act for a procompetitive path and a reduction in regulation. And since that time we have -- competition is nothing new -- we have had 20 million or more homes pick up satellite services. And each opportunity when the government has said we need to make satellite more competitive, give them local signals, give them copyright relief, must carry, the industry has stood down and said we want to be on that other road. Because at the same time, if we made an investment in our own facility we believe that we would have many more positives that outweigh whatever the negatives are for more competition. And let me give you some results. First of all, the industry spent $80 billion. Some of you may have loved this choice. Some of you hated this choice, but the fact is it has been spent, and it's done. And since 1996 at Comcast revenue and cash flow have grown every single year despite the competition, the average revenue growth of 9.4% and average cash flow of 13.9. And if you take AT&T out of the equation altogether, we still have over 10.5% average cash flow growth the last five -- since 1996. And I guess the way you can judge that and how diversified today our revenues are, is we've gone from $42 a month in 1998 to $77 today, and that's an 11% compounded average growth rate. Or double the growth rate of basic video. We made a bet that this business was going to have new services and new products. Today for instance high-speed data which was zero back then is over $3 billion a year annually with over a 30% growth rate. So as we began our review of where the company is in 2005, and there is the questions all the time well what about competition, and what about growth. You have to step back in my opinion and appreciate the fact that we've been on this road for a long time, and this road has proved to be as successful of allowing us with double-digit revenues, double-digit cash flow growth and now the investment period really significantly behind us as an industry, some $80 billion between all the various parts of the industry or more. I think we are positioned to have another five years the way we have the last 10 years, if not better. And with probably more certainty because that competition, we are well down that road. So what do you do with the strategy to position your company and as you will hear today, there really are three pieces to our strategy. We don't want to be in a commodity business. We are not going to let that happen in any of our products if we can possibly avoid it. To do that you have got to differentiate, and you have seen some early demonstrations. And what you're going to see out in the concourse and today in some of the presentations are more demonstrations of how we are going to differentiate. So in the video business, whether it is ON DEMAND or in high-speed data where we had 30 product enhancements in the last 18 months alone, or in the telephone business where we intend to have a differentiated type of experience, there is a blend between the technology group, the business strategy and ultimately the marketing department to figure out how to tell the consumer we are different. And so today you will see part of our next vision, which is to integrate entertainment and communications offerings, to create an experience using one network that we don't believe any of our competitors can match. And between Dave Watson and Dave Juliano and Kevin Casey you're going to get a chance to experience a real market; in Kevin's case in the New England market in the Boston area, what have we done to differentiate ourselves, and how is that success or failure occurred, and what do we see happening in the next period of time. We are also going to show you a little bit of the blue sky and dream ahead, a little bit further down the road, not here is when, here's how many, we are going to do all that -- but look a little bit down the road where might this integrated communications experience go for a consumer. Secondly, we are focused on innovation. We have made great strides beefing up the technology team that is Comcast and thinking and acting differently than ever before. Today you will hear from Dave Fellows and Steve Silva. They've got the opportunity today, but you often hear from Mark Koblitz and we have one of the strongest teams I think of any company in any industry in trying to take a technological lead and step on the peddles to integrate for our customers.Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today on this conference call to discuss Grand Canyon's 2012 third quarter results. Speaking on today's call is our President and CEO, Brian Mueller, and our CFO, Dan Bachus. This call is scheduled to last one hour. During the Q&A period we will try to answer all of your questions and we apologize in advance if there are questions that we are unable to address due to time constraints. We've reached the end of our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your time and interest in Grand Canyon Education. If you still have questions, please contact either Dan Bachus or Bill Jenkins. Thank you.It certainly wouldn't be something we would use through the pod. I mean, again --. Thanks, Jose. Thanks, everybody, for coming during lunch hour here. It's always kind of interesting to talk about diabetes during lunch hour (multiple speakers) sugar. Lots of carbs, I'm sure, in the meals today. But I'll give you a little update on where we are and be happy to try to save a few minutes at the end if you want for some questions, right, the approach. No. What we continue to hear from an awful lot of endocrinologists that talk about this, there is a lot of talk at the ADA, for example is that inhaled insulin, if it ultimately could get approved, which I think is probably still a pretty big question, probably still has a niche kind of a market to it. Ultimately you'd have to see where it goes. But I certainly I don't think it is going to replace U-100 rapid acting insulin any time in the -- I would say the foreseeable future. Thanks, appreciate it. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. Okay. Safe Harbor statement for our lawyer friends. So the OmniPod, for those of you who haven't seen it, that's it. Basically two small devices, two small components that you use for -- compared to a conventional pump. Basically what you see here in the white, that is the pod itself, that is what effectively attaches to the body. And then you control it completely using this little handheld device that we call a Personal Diabetes Manager or PDM. What makes this product very unique in the marketplace is still today it is really the only tubeless, if you will, patch style insulin pump designed for the type I diabetes market available really anywhere in the world. There are certainly other companies now trying to come up with what they call patch pumps, if you will, which are really more like wearable pens or other types of things that don't have the same type of basal bolus type capabilities that the OmniPod has. This is really the only one still out there designed for the type I market. What makes it very special is it is really simplicity. For a patient to be able to take the product, make a change out of a pod, get up and running again, they can do it in a matter of just a couple of minutes. So if you think about the complexities if you have looked at a conventional insulin pump in the past where you are wearing a pump on your belt, you are connecting somewhere between three and four feet of tubing that is running through pockets or underclothes, or wherever it may be, to an infusion set that is typically on your abdomen somewhere, all of that complexity goes away. You don't have to worry about priming through air bubbles and making sure that the tubing doesn't get caught and that you are ripping out the infusion set and that you have to take the product on and off if you are going to work out at the gym or you want to go swimming. The OmniPod eliminates all of those things by being this one simple device that you are wearing on your body. Once it is on it stays on, you where it for 80 hours at a time. After the 80-hour period or effectively three days you take it off and discard it and you put a new one on. I think for us it is been reaching frequency. It is how often can we get to doctors and how often -- how many can we see and how often do you get to them. And I think certainly as we continue to grow and add some more feet on the street it is certainly something we are able to do. We have been adding to our salesforce and we have been seeing the ROI from those folks. One of the big challenges is always going to be inertia. I mean certainly we skew towards the younger side with kids and young adults because I think that is a -- those groups tend to be a little bit more open to some -- as compared to maybe someone who has been treating their diabetes for a long, long time in one way. Both tend not to be as much of our target market. So it is just getting people engaged in the cycle.Yes, certainly according to what our expectations were coming into this year in full disclosure we had the benefit of being 6 weeks into the quarter before we did our Q1 release. Right? So that certainly helps around timing. There was really a couple of components that make it up. One is deferred distributor revenue, typically. So there clearly was some Ypsomed revenue that we would have shipped at the end of Q4, didn't meet our revenue recognition at the end of quarter and recognized in Q1. The second piece is really just balance sheet reclass, if you will, between receivables and deferred revenues as we go through that and find certain claims that were kind of old in nature that we figured out basically wouldn't be, would likely not be collected. And so we wrote them off both sides of the balance sheet, the receivables and deferred revenue. That's right, that's right. So internationally we'll be lower on that, as well. We've always based the 65% margin based off of a $28 United States average selling price. But clearly it is going to gain us overall somewhere between 10 points and 15 points of additional gross margin once we've transitioned everybody. Suraj, there is a couple of pieces to that. So Flextronics shut down for Chinese new year. So it's an event that will happen every February where the facility shut down for two weeks and like I said you can figure a half a week on both sides of that to ramp down and ramp back up. It is cultural. It is part of doing business, if you will, in China, and it's going to happen every February going forward. To your point around to how we purchase from Flextronics, you're correct. But keep in mind as we produce a different volume of Pods in any given period, there is varying levels of what, from an overhead costs, of how you spread those overhead costs. If we produce a 1.5 million Pods in a quarter, the overhead which is relatively flat, is spread out over 1.5 million Pods, as compared to if we produce 700,000 Pods in a quarter, I'm just making up numbers. The overhead would be different and that's going to drive a price difference. And when you think about the terms of a gross margin point, that could move the needle a point or two one way or the other. So its small changes that can ultimately make those differences. Yes, two things, one is, you have a full quarter impact of the raise that we did back in December to repay the facility debt. And then, second, it would just be normal course option exercises. Thanks, Greg. Keep in mind there's clearly some international revenue that's in the first quarter here of 2011 as we've talked about around the margin. And as we've pointed out, depending on exactly where we are, with CE Mark approval, the level of visibility we have to that, it could determine how much, if any, international revenue we have in the second quarter. So that's why we broadened the range to be able to kind of account for the various scenarios that could happen internationally. Suraj, so to correct you and to be very clear for everyone, you have Q1 sequentially in our US business was not down from Q4, it was up. You got to keep in mind that every quarter there are various pieces of revenue and various timing differences that ultimately come through. For example, we absolutely had some international revenue in the fourth quarter of 2010. We've been clear that we have been selling in Germany and the UK for the last six months, and our partner overseas has been doing well in those markets and have been ordering Pods. What we talked about here in Q1 is that they have now expanded into additional markets which also then include more hand-helds, and other things that require larger amounts of PDM's. It's worth noting that the largest markets that Ypsomed is serving, two of the three of them are Germany and the UK. So they have been active there for a couple of months or couple of quarters, excuse me. There is other timing differences that happen normally over the course around our distributors, and the timing that they place orders here in the US as well as when we go through our process of looking at all of our receivables and determining if we are working with managed-care providers, and if we had any poor-payer issues, or any of the like. So in any quarter there is some percentage of revenue that is in some ways unique to that quarter. What we try to do is to provide you, when we look through all of that information, as we look into a current period or the upcoming period, factor that in, and when we give you the guidance overall. When we sell to Ypsomed. Hi, Greg. Yes, I think it is pretty consistent with what we talked about back in February, Raj. I mean, there were a couple of factors. One, we knew that Ypsomed was preparing to launch these additional markets here in the first quarter. So product for France, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, for example, all would go, and with that there is additional PDM's that we send for sampling and have a different margin profile. So that's certainly part of it. The second, we talked about just the normal shutdown that happens in February with Flex. Really they're shutdown for a full two-week period and then if you can add on both sides the ramp down and the ramping back up, it's probably another week to week and a half of time that gets factored in there. So nothing uncommon or unexpected, I think. If you go back to what we talked about last quarter, we said we would be 50% this year, really kind of plus or minus 2 points from the 50 really in any given quarter, and this quarter here, because of the shutdown mainly is probably the most challenging. Hi, Suraj. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2011 conference call. I'm Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto our Chief Executive Officer. I would like to remind everyone our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the securities laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking stations contained in 27-A of the Securities Act and section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act and are making this statement for the purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us, and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the company's potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the company's press release issued earlier today and in the risk factors section of the Company's SEC filings, including the company's Form 10-K for the year end of December 31, 2010. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I'd also like to remind you that the guidance we're offering today represents a point in time estimate of our future performance. You'll find a link to the webcast of this call as well as today's press release at myomnipod.com in the investor section. And, now, I'll turn the call over to Duane. There is a couple of components, obviously, to the guidance range. As we've consistently said our highest level of confidence is to the midpoint of that range. Yes, every quarter it includes it. That's right. Yes, I mean, 50% blended, its low 50% in the US when you use our $28 ASP but again the international mix is lower. Yes, overall I would say from what we're hearing from customers, and I think it is consistent with what we've seen other companies are talking about as well. Deductibles have gone up a little bit. So I think customers are looking through that, and a lot of Q1 timing issue, with the cash flow issue, there is small amounts of patients, for example, who we see try to maybe get a second reorder in the back half of the fourth quarter, and effectively miss the first quarter to be able to manage their insurance appropriately. But on the whole, yes, I would say that the deductibles have probably risen, kind of on average, as compared to 2010. Thanks, Bill. No, I think for the Q2, specifically R&D expenses will probably remain high. I mean, there is still a fair amount of work that we will incur just as we go through the process with the FDA itself. So, my expectation is that we'll probably see similar levels in Q2 to where we were in Q1, and the mix. The mix will probably stay about the same. Clearly as we roll into the second quarter and in the third quarter, those are usually stronger quarters for this business from a shipment perspective. So that will drive our sales and marketing expense a little bit higher than what we had seen in Q1 when the year starts off slow in January and February. Sorry. We will certainly break out Ypsomed revenue or international revenue in total once we hit that point. But to date we're not, as we've talked about beforehand, it was very minimal last year. It will be little bit more this year. But not significant enough yet to break up. Bill, I would be stunned, and like I said, we have a, almost an 8,000-paged document that we shipped to the agency. The likelihood of there being no questions on those 8,000 pages is probably pretty small and remote. We ask you guys to understand that we obviously have an international partner here who is also a public company in Switzerland. So I'm hesitant to break out any additional specific information on them. I would say is I think that if they were on the line here they would tell you that they are ahead of plan, doing very well. I think they are very happy with the progress we've been making so far and I think that they are eagerly anticipating and are excited about the fact they are going to be likely the first markets to be able to launch the Next Generation Pods. So from our perspective, the relationship is going very, very well. I pointed us all in the past towards thinking about the growth chart that we've gone through here in the United States, and that being a pretty good flavor for how to think about the European relationship, and I guess I would probably point you back there. I would say both parts. Relatively equal. It popped up I think fourth quarter is about 9% and now it is closer to 10%, which is pretty typical at the beginning of the year when everybody gets their new surprises from their healthcare provider or their employer. So the hope is we'll grind that back down again, but typically the first quarter is one of the times we see it pop up no matter what. Correct. Thank you, Duane. We reported revenue of $28.3 million in the quarter, an increase of 36% from $20.8 million in the first quarter of 2010, and 2% sequentially from the fourth quarter. As we've seen in prior years, the resetting of annual insurance deductibles and delayed trainings for Q4 shipments combined to make the first quarter our seasonally slowest of the year. By mid-March, initial shipments had returned to expected levels and we believe this momentum will continue as we move into the spring and summer. Gross profit increased by more than 60% year-over-year as we improved to $13.5 million or 48% of revenue, compared to a gross profit of $8.4 million or 40% of revenue, in the first quarter of 2010. As we highlighted on our year end call, gross margins increased slightly in the quarter due to the annual Flextronics shut down for Chinese New Year and the timing of shipments to Ypsomed. The terms of our Ypsomed relationship are such that we receive a lower level of gross profits on shipments than we do in the US. However, because they act as our entire commercial organization, most of the gross margin falls directly to the operating profit line as our expenses to manage the relationship are minimal. We expect that our gross margin will remain at approximately 50% throughout 2011 as domestic margins in the low 50's are offset by the lower international margin. We're confident that margin expansion will resume once the new Pod gains its approval and is introduced to the market. We remain diligent in managing our operating expenses to ensure that we're receiving the best return for each dollar spent. Q1 operating expenses were $20.8 million, compared to $19.1 million in the first quarter of 2010, and $23.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. We expect operating expenses to remain between approximately $21 million and $22 million per quarter for the rest of the year. This level of operating spend is primarily due to continuing costs associated with gaining the regulatory approvals for the new Pod, development costs associated with new a integrated TGM product with DexCom, and additional sales, marketing and reimbursement expenses in preparation for the commercial launch of the Next Generation Pod. We reported an operating loss for the first quarter of 2011 of $7.3 million, compared to an operating loss of $10.7 million, for the first quarter of 2010. Representing a 32% improvement. As Duane noted, we are targeting for the at or near operating cash break even by the end of the year. We define operating cash break-even as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and stock compensation expense. Net interest expense of $2.6 million in the first quarter of 2011 decreased from $3.8 million in the first quarter of 2010, as a result of the repayment of the facility agreement in December. Our net loss also decreased year-over-year by 32% as we reported a net loss of $9.8 million as compared to a net loss of $14.5 million for the first quarter of last year. On a per-share-basis, we lost $0.22 per share in Q1, a 42% improvement from a loss of $0.38 per share in Q1 2010. As of March 31, cash and cash equivalents totalled $104.5 million, as compared to $113.3 million at December 31st. We believe we have plenty of cash on hand to reach operating profitability. Finally, turning to guidance, we reiterate our full-year 2011 guidance with expected revenue of $123 million to $133 million, and an expected operating loss of $20 million to $28 million. We expect revenue of $28 million to $32 million for the second quarter. This range is a little wider than normal reflecting some uncertainty as to the exact volume and timing of OmniPod shipments to our international partner. Depending on the exact timing of CE Mark approval, we may or may not ship next generation product to Ypsomed by June 30. Additionally, the timing of CE Mark approval may reduce previously planned international shipments of our current Pod as we fine-tune launch scenarios to allow for the most expeditious rollout of the new Pod as possible. As always, our highest degree of confidence is towards the midpoint of the range. With that, let me turn the call back over to Duane. Thank you, Kim. A little over $1.2 million. Yes, and I'm sure we'll have some more option exercises throughout the course of 2011, but that would be the plan. And just lastly, one important clarification. Does the Next Generation Pod require a new PDM or can patients use the existing one? It requires a new PDM.We are obviously quite pleased with the second quarter. As you look at almost all the key operating metrics that drive our company, we are reporting an increase in our expectations both from the results of the second quarter and our expectations for the second half of the year. As you look at the overall cash flow growth, it really is a different Comcast than at any time in the last five years. We are accelerating and it is -- you don't want to use over hyped words like an inflection point, but we really feel the phone business is now coming into its own and is going to drive an era of growth that we haven't seen for a very long time. So let's look at some of the specifics. In the second quarter -- this is the second consecutive quarter where we had the highest RGU growth in that quarter's history for the Company and that's true for the second quarter with 816,000 new RGUs. Impressively CDV is 45% up from the first quarter which was over 300,000 net additions to CDV. We are pleased at the performance of the CDV business again, the Comcast Digital Voice. The product is great; it's a great value for the consumer. That's something that, as we've introduced new product, it not only works and it's high-class, but by putting it in the triple play bundle we now have created a great value for our consumers. All that has driven a revenue growth which has now accelerated and you'll hear some more statistics, but to 11% revenue growth nearly in the quarter driving a nearly 14% cable operating cash flow growth, which is the 24th consecutive quarter of double-digit OCF growth. Now you've heard us talk about double-digit growth, but the momentum with the RGUs allows, in our opinion, for this trend to now continue and perhaps be better than we obviously had expected when we laid out the guidance at the beginning of the year, which is why we are upping cable guidance across every category in 2006. John will take you through, and Steve, the specifics of each of those, but the bullishness that I feel based on these kinds of results and what happened in the first quarter and the increasing rate of CDV performance leaves me very optimistic. And then we get to Adelphia, Adelphia is finely looking like it's going to close here in the next couple of days. It is a great transaction because we are able to convert a passive investment in what originally was Time Warner Entertainment; it's been a long road to convert that to Time Warner Cable and to now convert it into cash flow generating systems that fit us quite well. Steve will detail all the work we have to do with these systems, but they fit like a glove. The opportunity for growth as we ready those systems should slightly be positive in our 2006 outlook than even that which we're providing today. As those systems come online we think they will have a slight positive to the overall business. And so again, I think it was a great quarter. I think Steve and Dave Watson and others in the cable management team had a super year. The content division has made investments that are going to position us for growth in years ahead. We've decided to make investment this year. We've been buying back the stock with our free cash flow and all in all look forward to your questions later, but it's a very exciting quarter. John? I would add one other point on that which is the commercial side of the business is perking up as we begin to now get comfortable with rolling out phone. And I imagine that you're going to see us begin to talk more about over the rest of the year and as well into next year and beyond how we're going to have a high speed data business that's going to be able to also include voice -- so really a two play, if people want video they can get it, but a much better small business, medium business initiative. And so ARPU will have that -- so you've got a lot of good things going on, Jessica. No way am I going choose to speculate on speculation. So if there was some announcement we probably would comment then, but we're focused on our results. Just as a general rule I think the Adelphia systems have lower margins, there's still a fair amount of work to be done in terms of not so much rebuilding them, but making sure that the VOD infrastructure and the high speed data infrastructure and telephone are all introduced the way we would introduce them. And we have done this over and over and over. We're a company that has basically grown through acquisition and we don't see anything with Adelphia that is altogether different than things we've done before. And there's clearly opportunity not only for 2006 but I believe for 2007 and 2008 to improve those systems. One tempering point is it's only about 8% of the Company. So the advantage of taking their systems up to your margins and getting all these new services deployed will be minimized by the fact that it's only 8% of the Company as a whole. And the second benefit is longer-term, which is we're migrating people away from analog onto digital. So not only do they get better picture quality and have the functionality that Steve just talked about, but we're going do someday be closer to being able to be all-digital over time gradually. And when that day comes for all or part of the analog capacity you get a &quot;free&quot; rebuild by taking back up to two-thirds of your entire network is devoted today to analog and it's all being now shipped out in these low-cost digital boxes. So it's a very elegant bandwidth management strategy to give us the flexibility to have more bandwidth for future services.John, I don't know where you got the word sullen in there. What I think happened, that I read a number of folks saying that, oh, you wanted to make this particular transaction because you were not really buying, you were selling. And you were selling 43 percent of your Comcast to buy Disney. Therefore maybe this was similar to other transactions that people were doing because they felt that their core business had topped out. What I think we were trying to say, and one of the reasons that today is so significant, was that's so far from where we are at, the results today, on top of the last five quarters, and really on top of the last five years, this 21 percent growth is one of the fastest growth rates we've ever had. To have 15 to 17 percent guidance for the full year is higher than almost any media company of our size that I know of out there. It's not coming from any one product. High-speed data is great but so is ad sales. So is basic video business, very solid. So is Voice-over-IP, looking very promising. So too is hi-def. We sold some weeks last quarter 15,000 a week hi-def subscriptions, and growing. We have a better hi-def product than our competitor. So I'm pretty upbeat. More than pretty, I'm very upbeat. We are heading into the convention, and if I had to say what was an unintended outcome of the proposal, was some people came to that conclusion that we felt we needed content. We view content as an opportunity. No comment. I'm not going to go there. Thank you. Next question. I think the reaction was reasonably predictable. It's not inconsistent, even when we purchased or made a proposal to buy MediaOne. There's always speculation; were we going to pay more in a future proposal; and there's uncertainty. So it creates financial trading opportunities for people to buy and sell. If you look at almost every other deal we've done, if you look at the short-term reaction or longer-term reaction, I think our job is to try to find opportunities to see where we can create value for our shareholders; and see if we can consummate them; and then execute on them. Let's not underestimate the importance of executing as we've done. So, I think it is not unusual that one stock goes up and one stock goes down when you have a proposal like that on the table. That is not quite the case. It's been our past practice not to speculate about possibilities, except that our desire is to find attractive ways to grow. With 22 million cable customers in 18 at the top 21 markets in America, I am not sure of the exact statistic, we have an enviable footprint that opens up opportunities. What I was alluding to was not specifically about any one situation, but that we have conversations all the time about how people can grow their business, or how they can partner with us, or how we can start something together. Whether that is in content, in distribution, or in technology, those are the three areas that we are looking at. Beyond that it's just impossible to speculate. But I think we put ourselves, as you kind of alluded to, in a position as a company, and I think therefore for our shareholders, of having the first look and the best look at what those opportunities might be. Next question. You make an excellent point. The organization stayed extremely focused during the 90 days that this proposal was outstanding. These results speak for themselves today. And to the point of about where you go next in terms of cable business, that's what's -- there's a lot of you who are going to be joining a lot of us at the National Cable Convention this coming weekend, next week in new Orleans. For me it's always a chance to sort of walk around in see where the technology is going, what people have done in the last year. Sometimes it's the smaller companies than the larger companies that you get some ideas and see things. I bet we are going to see a lot of things on Voice-over-IP. I think you are going to see a lot of things using Internet protocol for video chat, video e-mail, things where they start to see the broadband network, broadband portal coming together. Where we are taking the television experience to personalization of television. We're going to have a great convention, and thank you all for this call. We will talk to you all soon. You know -- Well, I don't want to rehash the past. I think we looked at it; we thought it was an attractive opportunity; so we pursued it. We thought it was what management's job and what our opportunity was to say that this would have been an interesting combination. I think I have said that before. When I analyze it I think the only mistake is that we were assuming that the Disney Board was going to talk with us. It seemed inconceivable to me that they would not want to have a dialogue with the world's premiere distribution company. But that turned out to be the case. So to that extent we miscalculated. I have been asked that content or distribution question for 15 years, as we've looked at QVC, and we got into Comcast Spectacor, we then we bought Prime Cable and other, McLean Hunter, and Scripps Howard. I think it's our job, when you're a multifaceted cable that's in more than one business, to try to find the best opportunity at the time, at the right situation. Where we had, frankly, a fantastic quarter in the content side, we didn't spend a lot of time on that on the call. But E! Entertainment and Golf Channel are really performing great, as is OLN. And we have high hopes for G4 with the purchase of TechTV and what that's going to really by three or four years accelerate it. And we have a new channel in TVOne. So our history has been to try to promote and build up new channels. But at the same time the bulk of the company is in cable technology and cable distribution. So I don't know how you could answer that question even if you had an answer, because I think you have to go where the opportunities come, when they come, and look at them; and to be disciplined and have kind of a consistent approach that has served you well over time. I think I answered that. I think that's right, Peter. We again, I don't want to dwell, we wanted to obviously talk to the media here, and it is important and critical. But it's not where I want to be today, looking backwards. We are looking forward. We had a super quarter. But I think what you just said is probably our view, which is that we just never got into a dialogue. Disappointed by that. It is time to move on. I think we are moving on. Today was the time to withdraw, in our best judgment. It was very carefully analyzed before we made the proposal and we carefully analyzed it to make today's decision. As I said, we are moving on. We are not going to talk about MGM or any specific acquisition or partner candidate today. One of the things we that we have said about content is that we do think it can add value to our shareholders given the scale of our distribution platform. We've had a great track record in developing content, whether that is E! and Style or QVC or Golf Channel, most recently G4 and OLN. But it's not critical to the growth that Steve reported this morning on the earnings call, which again I think is spectacular. To be able to have put our company this quickly in a position to have integrated AT&T as well, and basically twice as fast as what we originally told folks that we would do. We said it would take three years and in 18 months we are basically at the targets we set for three years. We look at content as a value-creation opportunity. We can rent the content, of course, in order to offer our customers products. And the question was, by working together could we create an opportunity to build value? We will look at other opportunities, but we're not going to get specific. Steve, you want to add to that? We announced the repurchase today -- I do not want to say instead, but I think that's the news for today. I think I have previously said that in Comcast's 30-year history as a public company, for probably 25 of those years we've had some dividend. So it's not something that we are unfamiliar with. But at this point, no, we haven't discussed it. I know many of you listened to the analyst call this morning. So I apologize if for some of you this opening is redundant. I'm here with Steve Burke and the rest of our senior management team. We will take questions in just a moment. This morning we announced that we have withdrawn our proposal to merge Comcast and Disney. We told you from the outset that we would be disciplined and that we wouldn't bid against ourselves. Based on where Disney and Comcast stocks are trading, consummating a transaction would have required us to give up substantially more Comcast shares than we originally proposed. And quite simply this does not make good financial sense, particularly given this quarter's performance.  Being disciplined means knowing when it is time to walk away. That time is now. As we told you when we first announced our proposal, our expressed desire was to conclude a merger on a friendly basis as quickly as possible. To that end we tried to engage in a dialogue with Disney to see whether we could put our two companies together. Unfortunately it has become abundantly clear that Disney does not share our interest. We continue to believe that combining Comcast and Disney would have benefits for our shareholders and customers. That said, I am very comfortable with our decision to withdraw, even though it is not the result we had hoped for when we initially made our proposal. Because the size of this transaction would have required us to put so much of our company into the deal, some of our shareholders felt that we were signaling that we had lost confidence in the cable business.(multiple speakers) I am not going to go into it. You know, the way you do that is you get it onto smart TVs. You get it on -- we are working with Samsung. We're working with Microsoft. We are very prepared to work with others. I'm glad you got to it. First of all, we didn't talk about business services, so give or take $700 million a year I think is the number for capital spending for business services. So if you really took that off the table, Craig, you would see much lower CapEx. That $700 million is powering a business that grew 40% the last several years and is on pace to be a couple billion dollar plus business a year from zero and we can go into the medium-size and sell backhaul and Metro Ethernet businesses. So first answer is we would love to put more capital at the business services if we can continue to get 30% IRRs or whatever as we've been historically getting. It is a 50% margin business, fantastic. Secondly, as we talked about that we really have two balance sheets, the NBC balance sheet is there to buy out GE. It does it beautifully over time, should not require any new Comcast cash and so the cable balance sheet as it continues to delever, we upped the dividend 40%. We announced the $6.5 billion buyback. We said we would do it over two years or at least approximately half this year or $3 billion plus this year. And we said we would come back kind of each year and talk about the capital structure year by year. So being that it is the middle of the year I don't have anything new to add except that it is what you have been talking about and what we have been talking about for a lot of years that one day this machinery just looks fantastic. I don't see any change to the trajectory in terms of the capital needs of the Company and I think we don't feel we have to go and do acquisitions because the businesses can grow and start organically here and abroad. So we are in a really nice moment in time that we have all waited a long time to get to and I think we're there. That's probably right. I think that's been our consistent answer. We always can have a reason to have a conversation but as we sit here today there's no reason to think that that's something that we imagine being any different than (multiple speakers) Well, it's a fair question, obviously polite or impolite. But it's a glass half empty or half full. You are starting to get a sense that the programmers -- I saw Bob Iger's comments saying that he is getting slightly more restrictive on what he is putting out there prior to doing it to an authenticated experience. We did do a big deal with Disney. We just lit up Watch ESPN Anywhere You Want. We are about to do the Disney channel with the same capability. We did a great deal with Turner and Time Warner doing the same. So it starts with the content rights. I think the rights holders have been experimenting and trying to figure out what is in their best interests. Phone is -- you know, we had a pretty good first quarter. And we are -- we sort of dusted off -- Cathy Avgiris is doing a nice job, who is the manager of phone and broadband and said we've got to go back to phone. So we just announced in Boston two really cool things. One is that if you have our phone and you are at a WiFi hotspot, anybody's WiFi hotspot, but including your house, where we will WiFi you including your neighborhood, where we are WiFi-ing the neighborhoods, you will get free voice and free text from your -- so you will take your mobile device and you can send a text and it will show up as the home phone that's sending the text, which knows it is you and that text is free. If you do a phone call, that phone call is free. And so we think that will add substantial value to more than just saying take the phone because it's cheaper than the competitor. Now it's even more valuable in your mobile world and of course we will have mobile devices ourselves where that's the case, it is free text and free voice. The second announcement is that we are working with the other MSOs to build WiFi that's interoperable across the nation and so again, I think all of that comes back to -- if you go back to that debut screen where we say, well, here's your home security and here's your phone and here's your voicemail, your voicemail shows up on your devices and oh by the way, your text, we are a player and your device is now your remote control and you have personalized it with Quick Links. These were all steps we were able to take to reinvigorate our phone relationship -- or voice relationship with the customer. Yes, we are starting there. We have limited supplies. We're getting -- we want to make sure it's stable. We are going to make it a DVR. When we go to your house we are going to make the whole house an X1 house. So even though you won't have maybe one big box, we have companion boxes, so we are going to want -- when you have a service problem, you are going to say, well, that's what my guide looks like. I am an X1 home so we are not going to have an X1 and so we are operationalizing it at the moment. The cost of that box to do everything I just showed you is the same as the box last year was for just to be a DVR. I think that we are give or take 20% of distribution and we're 10% to 12% of content or whatever percent they are depending on what how you measure content. There is going to be a market. We got very comfortable that we can have all the theoretical conversations we want of what's fair and what's right but there will be a market for retrans. And I think we will make the case that with the Super Bowl and Sunday Night Football and the most-watched shows that ever are on television, the Olympics, all on NBC, we are entitled to the same as other broadcasters. No, because we are kind of headed toward a world where that same experience, we will have more -- this is a prediction. I don't know if this is true. I hope we can make it true. It's a goal. We will have more of the X1 experiences running on other devices than on our own devices in the next couple of years. Is that when satellite started? (multiple speakers) That's ultimately where it is going to settle out. Will we have a point of view? Of course we will. Can we help compromises? Can we help come up with win-win outcomes for various both sides of the house? We want to do that but at the end of the day, the question you asked is USA priced fairly? There will be a market. And USA will get paid fairly and we will all get rewarded. There may be a little bit of a lag. Most of that lag will be because of existing contracts that we inherited but that's part of what brought us here. We think there's real growth in the business and we are not looking at its quarter-to-quarter. We're looking at it over multiple years. And so when we sit down with the management team, we say, well, what are your -- what could make us even better and more valuable to our distributors? And the answer is better content and that's where we have chosen to make the investments, whether that's sports content, Hispanic content, cable content, broadcast content, theme park content. I think for the vast majority of the customers it will look -- there will be a main flagship series of products where you get virtually in a practical sense unlimited usage like you do today. It was to -- excuse me, first and foremost, we don't want to -- the phrase cap is an unfortunate historical phrase that came into being in our company because of some discussions with one of the state attorneys general on defining in black-and-white terms what our policies were. So we said okay, here's a number, 250. As the world has evolved, we don't want anyone to get off our network. We just want to make sure the experience remains great for all and we want to make sure that those that consume substantially more than the average are paying a little more than the average. And so that's what this is really all about. Well, we took a charge to the product inherited, a purchase price accounting, because we don't believe that to be the case. Will we do slightly better than perhaps what we had originally anticipated? I think the answer might very well be yes but I don't want to say for sure yet. We do feel the advertising market for sports content in particular is very, very desirable. The Olympics haven't begun yet, so it's all ratings-dependent. We are experienced with Sunday Night Football. We would suggest that it's better -- the Super Bowl. We had the most-watched show in television in Sunday Night Football as a franchise. We were pleased to renew it for 10 years. So where we think we can get the breakeven or better over the next decade when we renewed the Olympics was because we will be able to have more cable distribution in addition to broadcast. We will be able to charge for that over time. We will be able to appeal to advertisers with all platforms and all technologies as over time this particular set of economics we're pretty locked in and the only variable is the advertising. It is a little bit of both and it's a little bit of an attempt to say there was a bit of a hole in our product suite and we are really good at the live window and why you pay $75 a month for cable TV is you get the live window. We're trying to expand the definition of the live window to now be the whole first season. The last five episodes. Some definition it changes by content company and by sports versus news versus movies versus broadcast shows versus cable shows and we are trying to say okay, that live stretched out definition is what you get, number one. Then we had On Demand and On Demand is up to 50,000 plus choices in some markets tens of thousands of choices, online hundreds of thousands of choices but there was reruns that deep end of the tail with longtail library year seven, year six, year five, year four episodes and as we were making deals and spending $7 billion, $8 billion a year in content, we said, you know what? As part of the solution to the TV Everywhere rights, we also want to have more library not for all our customers but for some of our customers and so -- and we want it available on all devices. So that's what Streampix is. It is and I do give you real -- you believed in our ability to fight back and it's the holistic of everything we've just shown today. You've got to have good service. You've got to have good products. You've got to have good interface and it's got to get better all the time. And now we have the wonderful ability to bundle it in this triple play and with Verizon Wireless, a quadruple play that is very special. So there's no reason and the mission internally is to get back to positive video. In a number of markets that has happened and we have had five quarters in a row, six quarters in a row -- six, Marlene tells me, where we have improved and we have reduced the video losses year-over-year. I believe that we can continue that and that we are -- Neil is doing a fabulous job of focusing the organization on that mission. Hopefully we're just talking about when, not if and two years ago, we were talking about why would that ever change? I agree with you. I believe without a doubt we have the best video experience out there. When we got the NFL Red Zone, for those of you who have Sunday ticket and that was the big reason not to be with us at least in our company I think we filled 90% of that hole because it is sort Sunday ticket. It just changes channels for you and so we are pretty excited with the whole suite of offerings now puts us in position to make that happen. Your credit card didn't go through. So I think we're off to a great start. We have something like 17 different businesses. It's a very diversified company. My first view is that Steve Burke is doing a great job and no regrets on the deal. If anything, I think we structured it extremely well and we are excited and looking forward. The quarterly nature of the business I think you, Craig, and a number of the folks in the room may have more experience following companies that have more volatility quarter-to-quarter than we traditionally in the cable business have had. So for instance in the first quarter, we were up 34% at NBCUniversal. We said everybody don't get used to that because that's really the fact that we had successful films in the first quarter like Lorax; or Safe House and Lorax that weren't there a year ago. In the second quarter, we had of this last year, we had Fast Five and Bridesmaids, which were the two most successful movies of the year. This year we have an unfortunate miss, large miss in Battleship, and another one in Five Year Engagement. So last year we had a content licensing deal that got booked in the second quarter, an online deal that -- for television cable and broadcast content that most of the money gets booked in that quarter, so it's not there this year. To put that together, we will have a negative quarter in the NBCUniversal as we sort of told folks and so you put it together -- I think you have to look at these businesses of what happened in the first six months? We will be flat, slightly down, but right around what we expected except for the Battleship and the film volatility. We've got Snow White coming out today. We are hopeful but -- so there's more volatility quarter-to-quarter, so it's going to require -- what's really happening. Well, what I see what's really happening is cable network businesses are great. There is again some ups and downs quarter-to-quarter, advertising things, but the subscription revenue makes it a very much more consistent business like the cable operations business and so we want to continue to invest in cable programming. That's why we bought the Company. The big surprise was how steady the cash flow appears to be from the theme parks and if you have great intellectual property like Harry Potter and you execute it well as they did in Orlando, wonderful things happen. And so we have a much more of the cash flow coming from theme parks. We opened a ride, Transformers ride in Los Angeles. I think they had the biggest Memorial Day they've ever had weekend. And tremendous success. So we are feeling really good, really one kind of competitor in theme parks and as the economy hopefully recovers over time, that business gets better and better. Broadcast, Bob Greenblatt is chipping away at a turnaround. There's just some good things slowly, but we said it's going to take years. So you need a longer lens. We like the businesses. We are investing mostly in the businesses that have recurring and stable cash flows. And a synergy between the two parts of the company is going extremely well as we try to pioneer things like TV Everywhere and online content and innovation with TV and movie content and the international aspects of the company, I'm really glad we did the deal. I'm going to debate that, but I'm going to let you get away with that one. Go ahead. So long ago. We haven't -- well, we started in Georgia. We will roll it out in a number of markets this year. It is -- we will have hundreds of thousands of customers this year so let me just level set everybody what is X1, what is a cloud-based box. So you get a new cable box and the guide, a search, the navigation, the poster art, the Web features are all in the cloud. The problem historically has been the box. The moment we put it in your house it's obsolete. There is a better box somewhere a minute later. We wanted to get away from that model. The technology is right to do that and that's where the whole world seems to be going. So we think we're the first ones to have got this up and running. It's a hybrid box so when you actually click the button to watch ESPN, the actual ESPN signal comes the traditional way. But all the rest of the communication is IP from the cloud. And one thing that does is speed up innovation. We change it once. It changes across the whole company. Rather than taking years to change the guide, literally things can happen in weeks. So let me show you a quick demo again because it's the Waldorf and it's New York, this is in our market, it's easier to do this by -- this is just video we took from Boston during the demos that were done up there and it's not demo. This is now launched in the market. So go ahead and pull up the X1 guide. I can see there we go. So first thing you see is that we are trying to play with the iPad to make it a different type of remote control and what you are seeing here is just touching is moving the thing at the top. You literally have -- we have worked with the Xbox platform where you can gesture. We have a remote that comes with this guide that you could've done what they just did by pushing the right arrow and then select. But we think phones and personalized remotes, whether it's tablets or this of course would work on an iPhone, can do the same thing. So just by touching and gesturing, you're able to control what's happening on the screen on the left, which is of course your TV. The other thing I want to mention and froze it here for a second, I was playing with this in my house. We have this in our house, the X1 guide box -- which we call it. And every time -- we have 35,000 on-demand titles now, something like 8000 movies, so I would say we need reviews. You just can't say this is the name of the movie and here's picture art. That's not good enough anymore if we want this to be like a web experience. So they say well, Rotten Tomatoes has wanted to work with us. It took us two weeks to have Rotten Tomatoes populated on the guide, so every time you pull up a movie like Rio here, it gives you the Rotten Tomatoes review and the information. Two weeks later across the entire X1 platform, because it's all coming from the cloud, we all get the same experience. Rotten Tomatoes is in there. Okay so let's keep going. Again it just goes like that, keys into the show. That's one of the gestures. Another gesture is let's pause it here for a second. Another feature we are working on is personalization. So this particular guy, Charlie, says that he's got young kids. Friday night in his house is new movie night. So he's going to program -- what you're going to watch here how easy it is to do -- he is going to program his own on-demand setting, so rather than just saying movies, sports, news, he is going to have in effect Charlie's Friday night setting. And you can change the title and all that because it's an iPad but we didn't do that for this demo. He's going to pick -- because it's going to happen quickly -- movies, new movies, high-def movies and then that's going to become a button. Any time Friday night comes along, he just pushes that button and up to the screen -- you avoid all the steps in between will be kids, here are the eight movies that are new this week in high-def that are the type of movies we want to watch and boom, you have your own. That's the beginning of -- we have now personalized your choices. We have to personalize your user interface. So let's go ahead and roll this. Here he goes into on-demand. Again he's just going through the settings. He's going to check the three things that I mentioned and now you will see at the bottom just after Streampix one more setting to set. Now he'll go through. These are the on-demand settings and there it is. He clicks it and over here on the left, it will do the whole sort and you can run the video for a sec. And there are the choices that are new high-def movies. So we call that Quick Links. Another thing we have is a sports app, so here he's watching tennis. Go ahead and roll. And he pulls up -- he wants to launch the sports app, again can do that just with a gesture. Up comes all the sports on television, which we have shown, but here is just again with easy gestures he can get over and say, well, the Stanley Cup final is going to be on. I want to set a DVR recording while he is still watching the tennis. Set the recording, now he will gesture to say okay, go back to TV and boom, we are back to TV. So we're trying to play with the remote as well as the whole type -- there's just no guide that is that easy and fun to use and we are trying to bring it all together. It's not clear whether you want a remote. We have something called an RF remote which when you see it, you're going to love it. The box can be in the drawer. It doesn't need to be out anymore and you don't have to point it, so that's really cool. We've got the Kinect from Xbox where you wave at it. We had our own Xfinity remote, where it's all happening right on the tablet and you're looking at the tablet but some people want it to happen on the TV while I'm touching my iPhone. And I just want to gesture and go even faster and that's what this is. So we are -- there won't be a one-size-fits-all and then you want to customize it like we did with Quick Links. Okay, let me also just say one other thing we showed at the show. Just as we did for the diagnostics check, we are looking at how many products we touch in your house now. We touch everything from your home security, which we've now launched in 70% of our markets, which also includes energy management and lights. We have your voicemail, we have your news feed from your website with weather and news and we have your best settings on DVR. So one idea we are working with and have up and running, this would have a screen saver that this becomes your -- we call it Project Dayview of all the things that we touch n your life which keep getting more and more, how do we pull it all together? And of course you've got your TV or your tablet as your portal, so here would be a TV. Let's roll this from what we showed up in Boston and you can start to play and we will just scroll -- this would be on your TV. You could scroll through it so here is your home security camera. You could pop down, take a look at the front door, you can go back and see of course the temperature in the house. Here's the news that you've set your own news. Here is your voicemail that you've gotten when you were asleep or whatever. You wanted to go back. It will transcribe it. You can listen to it. You can watch it, whatever and then we give you suggestions. We know you are a Red Sox fan. Would you like to record the game? Here's your calendar, etc. and conflicts, so these could be on mobile screens in the house so it's again trying to reinforce for people the relationship you have with Xfinity. We are a lot more than a cable TV company. And we kind of think that's somewhat futuristic but we're working on that as well. Sounds good, Craig. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. Great question. During the Olympics, we will roll out -- our marketing department is probably going to spank me when I get home but we have that question we've asked ourselves -- how do we explain to consumers what is Xfinity? That's the number one question I get asked. But one of the reasons we changed was its infinite choices on all the platforms, which is the X, and we are not a cable company. And we will roll out an advertising campaign that I'm very excited about that begins to deliver the promise to the consumer that it's -- if we all say who's done such a great job -- let's take Apple to pick one company, it's not an iPhone. It's not an iPod. It's an experience. It's a certain reliability and experience that you are pleased with and you just go to their store in you buy whatever they tell you to buy and we buy lots of them around the world. And so we know what success looks like and we've got so many great products and we need to tell people and we can have a great service experience and we need to tell people and we need to deliver on those. We are doing in some ways better on the delivery than we are on the telling. And I think that's what we are getting about doing with some of the advertising. The first is the facts. Most people consume some number, a 10th of either of those numbers. If you look at all the national averages, there are -- 10, 15 is the consumption and we are talking 250 or 300, so we are not trying to -- I have said repeatedly and you know this at this conference, video over the Internet is more friend than foe to Comcast. So the fact is why did we have 430,000 net ads last quarter? And I will make big news here today. We are adding more broadband subs into the second quarter. We are still growing. There's no news there. Broadband is a growing business and it has grown each year for the last several years more than the year before. So it's an accelerating growth business. We don't want to do anything to get in the way of that. At the same time if you are massively consuming, we really don't want to kick you off our network. We just want to find a way to get compensated for that for the very small simple digit percentage, very low percentage number of customers who are in that space. So some have called it unlimited. We sort of did -- we are going to try -- you can buy 100 at a time, 50 at a time. We'll try different models. Well, let me start by saying it's great to be back but I needed to spice up 10 years of conversation sitting on the couch here with a few show and tell things. It ties to that question a little bit to at least begin. So I think you are right. We, broadband I think we had half the net ads in the whole broadband industry last quarter so we are very focused on broadband and it is a great product. But we obviously have a huge video business. Video is changing with NBCUniversal. We are a company that is deeply immersed in what's happening in the video space. And it's a big part of the Company's history and our future. So we are pleased that it's coming together as well as it is. And you can't say enough good things about broadband, however. So a lot of what I asked Neil Smith to focus on when he joined Comcast a year and a half ago was two things. His experience, of course, had been at a company that hadn't made all these investments and was going through bankruptcy and he was trying to turn it around and did a yeoman's job. Got to Comcast, said wow, you've done DOCSIS 3 all throughout the Company. You are all digital throughout the whole Company. You were the first ones to do that. You have invested in this interactive platform. I would like to accelerate innovation and I would like to focus more on turning around your service reputation. And it's that latter piece that I want to just talk about that just is something that wouldn't necessarily make it to an investor conference but I think as we head into a competitive and are in a competitive business, differentiating ourselves not just on the video product but on the experience and so here's a couple stacks. For 41 straight months -- and Steve Burke had begun a lot of this -- in a row, we have had year-over-year less repair visits to the home. And for the last two years, we have had 8 million less truck rolls per service than we did in the prior period and we have got 2.7 million more RGUs and yet we have 8 million last truck rolls. And 90% of all of our service calls and installation appointments are now in a two-hour window with a 97% on-time rate. That has not been where we were historically. That took a ton of effort and we continue. We now went from 13% self install because we're all digital, we are up to 28% of all of our installations are self-installations. And so let me just begin this morning with a quick spot that is about to come out to begin to tell that message that when you are an Xfinity customer you now have a guaranteed service experience and that's different and that's part of why we changed the name. So go ahead and roll the spot, please. (video in progress) We are pretty excited by that. Let me call up John Williamson, who is our Senior Vice President and General Manager at Comcast.com. So we had for 2012 a goal of having one billion self-service online transactions and let me show you something we showed at the cable show in Boston, which people were kind of -- this is cool for all of us I think as consumers, not just Comcast consumers. But this is something I think Comcast is pioneering that is a step ahead. So first thing is we get about 3 million visits to our mobile website every month and these are smartphones only, not tablets. We do mobile bill pay is what we are now starting to think about and so this month we launched, just this launch in mobile bill pay. We haven't yet advertised it at all. We've got 65,000 people we expect to use it this month and here you can see it's a simple clean interface, very intuitive. And what we are going to do later this year is the following. You basically decide to pay your bill now and you want to take a photo of your bill, so you take out your camera. This is your Comcast bill. You just focus on that bottom number. It automatically will then say are you happy with that? It will scan the bill. It will then come back to you and say would you like to pay it now from your bank account or your credit card? We are going to pull out a credit card here and it's going to say take a photo of your credit card. We have got an Xfinity credit card. That is not real, so don't try to spend it, John. And then again, it will scan that automatically if you say use it and then when you are done it will come and say do you want to pay? We're just trying to make it easier for our customers to interact with us and that's done. The next thing that I think is kind of cool in this whole move to self-service and personalization, which is what we have been talking about for a long time is we put a lot of intelligence in our network and we have been working with John Schanz and our engineering team on understanding your modem and understanding your set-top box, understanding your router, your in-home wiring and what might go wrong. So here's an example of something again that we're launching later this year. All these products are this year products. You are sitting at home. You are watching The Voice. You are with your tablet or your iPhone. All of these of course work on all devices and here is a new dashboard that we have launched already that again is simple and clean that if you have questions about our products -- this is John's area, Comcast.com -- but what we would be able to do in the future and what we are going to do is the television goes out while you are watching the show. You just take your tablet and go ahead, John. You just push the button to say what's wrong? It will now go through every piece of equipment automatically and do a test. How is your node health? How is your box, etc.? And it figured out that you have a video on demand issue and it says a cable box reset is required, you click the yellow button, it will automatically do the reset for you. You don't have to unplug it and all the things that you call us and you don't have to make a phone call. It now says you're done and we have fixed your cable remotely. Of course if there was a different need to come out to do something we would know it, but we avoid all the truck rolls and how much happier is a consumer to get service like that. So those are a little bit in the weeds but the kind of things that get me excited and focused because that's a different experience than you are going to get and the kind of things that I think are just going to be the defining difference between what we can get because of the scale of Comcast, we now have all the intelligence in the network. We have the software engineers writing this. We have 1000 internal software engineers and we are able to apply that machinery, whether it's to self diagnosis, to our website, or to other on-demand features. And we will talk a little bit about that later in terms of the innovation of what the consumer sees on the TV set. I am slightly less bullish on that vision than some of the prior people who have spoken. I think there will always be some sort of device that helps manage the home for us for a while. But it will be less and less necessary to spend the capital that we have historically spent because we will upgrade that X1 experience through software, not through a new box. But DVRs, until we move them completely to the cloud want to still be in your house. But it's a good trend and it's so far very exciting, as you say. People that have seen some of this innovation kind of go -- this is the scale of the company starting to really pay dividends, which is something that I'm very pleased with. You know, I really believe the big surprise is there's no big surprise and that's a -- your phone is getting a (multiple speakers). That's what it is as of now. It's all upside opportunity, but it's going to take years. It's contract-specific. There's no secret that a number of the large distributors had multiyear contracts when we bought the company. But if you look at things like retrans fees and cable fees for successful basic networks, that has been a very profitable line of business. And putting my other hat on, that's a frustrating part of the business as you've talked about already at this conference. And so getting on both sides of this question is really important to us strategically for investors. I think the consumer has got to be the decision-maker and the place we should put our Company is pro-consumer, uncomfortable though that may feel at times. It doesn't mean you just make deals that don't make sense but as an aspiration, we should be trying to have all this innovation work for you, the customer. Would it be nice if they took our interface? Sure, but if there's many loyal people who want an Apple interface, we shouldn't drive them to our competitor or to not do business with us and it keeps us -- should we try to make it as seamless as possible and have them buy many of our products? I think we should. A lot of detail in that aspiration but as you saw from our debut, we have a lot of relationships today and a lot of those customers like our relationships and we've got to make them better all the time. That's what -- everything I just showed is part of the goal to do. If I knew, I wouldn't answer it and I will tell you I don't think anyone speaks for Apple except for Apple. And so I do believe that there is a great set of products that they bring to market. They tend to be able to look at how they work in the wireless industry. You have to have wireless in order to have an Apple phone. Perhaps in that business the variable cost of the bits prove to not be as easy for the wireless companies to manage. That may not be the same case for us. Time will tell. You would kind of need broadband to say the least and I'm pretty excited that as you started the conversation that our broadband product's superiority, success, and focus is very much top of mind for all of us and we are arguing over video and broadband. But it's all integrated in the consumers mind in many, many ways and so I am kind of looking forward to learning more like everybody else. I think we kind of have a built-in answer to that question which doesn't require acquisition. We have to buy out GE over the next six years. So one of the things that's structured so nicely for us is we have a long time to learn the business, to have some hits and misses, but to keep -- to make the investments more valuable and I think that was one of the reasons GE wanted to stay in for 49% and that the time was really low in the economy in 2008. Advertising was down -- or 2009 when these conversations in their mind probably started. I forget the exact date but clearly we were in a tough time. And it wasn't clear what was going to happen to broadcast and retrans fees and so we found a pretty good low point. We do get 50% of any increase in value on top of our 51% so we have reason to just let it play out.I think as we continue to increase the free cash flow of the Company and the success of the Company that is something we knew then and I'd say now that we hope to look at periodically. We only paid our first dividend, so I am not surprised, too early. But it's a high-class question and I hope to have a good answer to that in the years ahead. You may have talked about that. Yes, I would say there is an answer to that and it kind of goes back to your previous question, because I don't think it has made a significant change than any other over builder. They are going to get 10% to 20% I think generally speaking when we've had wireline, whether it was RCN or Knology or Ameritech; all the other projects that didn't make a lot of money. And so you look at this one and you say okay, well, it is a well-funded competitor. They are advertising. They've got a bundle. And so what we had to do is say when their markets we've got to react differently than just one Triple Play pricing for the whole company. So we've had different offers in the markets. My New England market has done pretty well and some of their newer territories they've had a good year last year. But net-net last year we were a couple hundred thousand basic subs on a 24 plus million base, and we added 5 million RGUs, I believe. We were very pleased with how that competitive battle was going. But the business has changed, and we have adjusted how we market competitor by competitor, location by location with different offers and not one size fits all. And that really was part of the change and I think got off to a good start; seems to be working. We've also increased our marketing expense. No, because I think we've got to make sure that the consumers like this transition, and we've got to pace it and make sure that the early markets show real success, real payback and a real win. And then we can speed it up, slow it down, stretch it out. The Americas is converting next year; unique, onetime opportunity to ride that conversion for all televisions. But as a stake in the ground I will tell you that we need to be superior at all times and if that -- if consumers were rejecting our products, then we would want to go even faster or we'd want to go faster if it's got a great payback. And I think it may very well have a great payback to offer more high-speed data at a higher tier, to offer Project Infinity with many, many more choices than On Demand, maybe thousands of high-def movies and clearly more channels. Wireless have not. You have to make sure you don't throw the good out with the bad in asking the way you asked that question; so is lower better? For maybe this year lower is better, but it depends what your return on invested capital is for the next dollar of capital. And there is no question we are focused on the next dollar of capital, what is our return. For high-def DVRs we are at 30% after-tax IRR, and Mike has put up that analysis at prior conferences to show how we calculate that. So frankly, I wish we could do lots and lots of that. Box costs are coming down with more competition, but you can look at Cablevision and who is got much higher penetrations than Comcast in phone and in data and say that their percentage of CapEx, percentage of revenue is down here. So you can see a glide path over time, and you may have some lumpiness along the way as we do digital transition and things of that nature. I think this industry, if I might broaden the question, to say do you see any major projects, save digital transition, bandwidth reclamation and the conversion of digital in this country, do you see any major new initiatives that are mega changes to the direction we are heading. And the answer is I don't. (multiple speakers) sorry if I could. I think it is industry -- I mean I do not think there is anything different in our story. I don't off the top of my head know that I've got that stat here. So we have opportunities to continue to be leaders and in, got a startup company wants to work with somebody like Comcast and says okay, take Plaxo, for instance, they do community and they do address book management. Well, we have 10 million address books that people have on our Internet. We have a community of 24 million people who watch television. We see a convergence coming. These are leaders in that space and innovators. We saw the same thing with Fandango which is doing really well in the movie ticket space and entertainment. So there are certain companies occasionally that tend to be very small who can help innovate inside our Company and who can help take us and lead in the innovation that we need to do in a competitive business. And so that is the plan. We look at Comcast interactive media, to your point, we have Comcast.net is one of the top ten most used sites in our homes. It, we then went out to monetize it with Yahoo and Google deals last year and we got $1 billion over the next five years total coming in. And we spend less than $100 million to build it. Okay, this is a pretty good model, let's do that again. Let's not just concede Web design, Web creation, monetary gains to every startup. Why don't we try to in a modest way go about this and we took one of our best couple folks in Amy Banse and Sam Schwartz who had done other things for the Company and very successful. And we've been building quietly, like you say, around that notion each one has been very profitable. Fancast, our latest, we have anybody who wants to consume video on the net, well we have video relationships with every content company, why not make sure that they can do so in Comcast homes through our own website. And Fancast got great reviews, got millions of users and relatively speaking didn't cost very much to create. And I bet will create real value for the Company in the years ahead. It is a little bit of a variety of things. We made adjustments as you know. We started the market in high-speed data, more tiers of service. We didn't feel up till now that that was necessarily something we wanted to do, but we've introduced the higher speed and a lower speed tier. We are selling more of the higher speed tier than we are the lower speed tier, so I think we're getting the mix right. I think we also changed our marketing from purely Triple Play. The single biggest thing we changed at the beginning of the year was rather than just the same Triple Play $99 story that we've been very, very successful with, we needed to refresh that. We needed to react in different areas to different competitor reactions. And so we have a single play, a double play, two product and a lot of that includes high-speed data and phone. And so all that activity I think helped a very nice resurgence of the high-speed data business. That said, we always felt it is slowing down quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year, we are running at a slightly slower rate. But we are getting 68% of our net adds are coming from DSL. I think we've set a good bar. I think Steve Burke, one of our earnings calls, I think two calls ago said I am not pleased that we are not going even faster, but we are starting to see real life. I think 80% of our markets now have multiline phone and high-speed data. We have a 40% revenue growth last quarter, year-over-year. This is going to be the next growth area for the Company. We feel very confident about that. It is a very good size opportunity. It is not as big as residential, but it is at least for the market we've targeted it is about a $12 billion to $15 billion opportunity, if we had 100% of the market in our footprint. So if you could get 20% to 30% of that over the next three to five years, it is a very significant contributor to the growth rate of the Company. Some of the competitive things that might be happening, some of the economic things, macroeconomic things, maturation of high-speed data. Sometimes we get asked what is next, what is going to keep the engine going to give these kind of superior growth rates? And I think this is the one we are now deploying. We've hired 1000 people. We are selling, and like you said, we will continue to see I think steady improvement month over month. Well, I don't know the answer to that today. Obviously I know what I would like it to be, but I remember trying to convince investors that one of the great things you get when you buy Comcast is the franchise value. The network right where you began the questioning is you've got this incredible asset, took you 40 years to assemble it, what all can it do and what all will it become; sometimes gets underestimated and this is one of those. We've got a lot of people. We've started a project, I know most people have heard of it, Canoe. It is really saying how do we maximize that opportunity, how do we go out and reach out to advertisers, to ad agencies, to technologists and do it as a group of cable companies so we have a platform. Broadcasters can ride the platform; cable programmers could ride the platform. What exactly is it, and how fast can it get here, we just have to stay tuned. We have made real progress on that front. It is a high priority for both Steve Burke and Landel Hobbs at Time Warner, and for us at Comcast. Why is it we are excited? Well, look at On Demand. We've done over -- I think 5 billion some number On Demand orders in the last couple years. It is not hard for us to deliver an individualized experience to the television. Well, what is the power of Internet advertising? Why is it creating such disruption in the traditional advertising space of which we are feeling some of that disruption in our thankfully small part of our Company, but still in all a real amount of money in our advertising locally? People want targeted ads. They want to know who they are advertising to, and they will pay a premium, and they want to give that person opportunity to interact, not just be talked to but push a button and ask some more questions. Well, we can do all that as a technical matter, and we need to figure out how to deliver that in a ratings way, in a consistent way that advertisers want. But we can do it at the Holy Grail medium of television, not the PC. And so I remember years saying, don't worry one of these days VoIP technology will make a difference here. And we have a phone business we can clearly harvest when we are ready to do so off our cable platform. And I feel the same way about targeted ads. It is there. Nobody else can do it. Nobody else is going to be able to do it because nobody touches the majority of American television sets. So if some small company comes along and has a way to do it but they can do it in 10 homes, that doesn't do anything for General Motors. So one of the lessons we all learned as broadcast ratings went down for 20 straight years and CPM's went up, was they were still the largest aggregator of eyeballs. So even though somebody had a nice niche audience, they still captured more money than maybe they should have because they still were the best game in town, even if it was less good than the year before. In our case we can make our game better, and we have these large eyeballs. So satellite or phone company or somebody else that just has a few, touches a few televisions is not where the action is going to be. The action is going to be the cable industry creating this platform. And when it is there, it comes with the stock. So we got to make it happen. We got to go as fast as possible but it is our opportunity and nobody else's, in my opinion. We think so. Clearly over the next many years that is a huge opportunity -- that is one of the objectives of the Company. Right at this particular moment it is being masked or retarded by the fact that we do have many new competitors spending a lot of money to go at the half that we've already got. Using your video analogy or your video point. So we've got to work on the attractiveness of the product. There is going to be a digital transition in this country. We estimate many of the homes that don't have any multichannel provider are up for grabs because they've got to do something. These aren't necessarily the best television customers. They are probably the worst television customers but they may be great phone customers and many of them may be great Internet customers. So you are right. We have a network waiting to serve more people. We've got to do that. That said, there are people who are going to defect from us right now with new offers from new competitors. To put that in perspective and why we haven't focused solely on that opportunity which I think it is clearly there, in the last quarter -- let me get my stats in my head -- but basically we had at least for every video customer we lost 60,000 video customers or so -- we added over one million and change RGUs in the quarter. In phone we were over 600,000 in the quarter. So we've got so many RGUs coming in that our focus has been to take advantage of this low phone penetration, relatively speaking low high-speed data at 28%, a lot more growth we think there, maybe slower growth but still a lot of growth. And you're right, you've got half the homes not buying anything from you, let's make sure you are marketing them, as well. And as we may be are inching and making some small progress there, unfortunately we have people just lighting up a video competition in a market. And so the net is we are going backwards on video and going way forward on data and phone and digital. Well, first of all we had been buying the stock throughout the period. We bought $10 billion of stock since '05 I think it is, '04, -- thank you, keep me honest. So we've been buying and we've been using it north of 100% of our free cash flow to buy back the shares for several years. So number one; number two, we hired a wonderful new CFO, Mike Angelakis, who came in and was doing a financial review of his own as to how he felt and he recommend to myself and the board, what is the right allocation to capital and return of shareholder capital, whether that is best done through dividend or by buyback. We talked to many shareholders. They have very passionate opinions. They are not always the same. Some absolutely love dividends. Some absolutely love buyback. Some love leverage. Some hate leverage in today's world. You just to get -- so ultimately we tried to figure out, what is the right long-term strategy, what is the right balance and what is the right mix. And so we were kind of thinking the beginning of the year was a good time to start a dividend. We've had a dividend in the past. A number of shareholders say their fund can't buy the stock if they don't have a dividend. Others say it is just the permanency to it, the near permanency. We wanted to get through that -- what do you call it -- second half of last year, where there was some big changes in both competitive and the economy that were unexpected and we wanted to make sure we felt we were going to do good things in 2008. And continue the track record that we've had and all that came together and we were able to make a commitment that the past practice we had $6.9 billion remaining in our buyback that we do that over the next couple years. There was about 130% of our free cash flow or some number and a run rate that we had thought that '07 was a year where free cash flow was stepping backwards slightly, down 10% for the year, 9%. Because we had an acceleration in RGUs and because we are investing in the network and because we had new products but that we felt that capital spending as a percentage of revenue had peaked, and that we were going to therefore resume a growth in free cash flow. And as you know in the first quarter we said we would do 20% growth in free cash flow at least for 2008; in the first quarter we were up over 65%. So all those things were coming together, and as we saw that, that was Mike's plan, my plan, and that is what we announced. Well, obviously nobody knows for sure. Don't see a lot of downside for us. We will first and foremost, any cable customer we're going to take care of you. So that is the pledge we've made to the FCC and the Congress, and we will take care of our own customers. We've been pretty well resolved a lot of those issues. There is a few smaller issues on the edges that litigated, how much of every station in duplicate, and overlap and things that may have affect to companies that you track. But on the big picture cable customers are going to be able to seamlessly transition. So then the question is what can you do offensively. And I think it provides real opportunity to go to whatever that number is -- nobody knows for sure -- in our footprint, 6, 7, 8 million homes of that count. We have different -- as high as up to 8 million, and go to them and say here is a something. And we have tasked our organization to try out a bunch of somethings. One of the issues is how many people have been worrying about digital transition in their home. Nobody is going to worry about this until a lot later than May of '08. And I think there will be a rush at the end, for sure. And that chaos will play to our strength because we are a local organization. We can send people to your home right now. We can -- here we are. And there is I think going to be some unhappiness at some level. We were in Korea a couple months ago with CableLabs, and they pointed out all those wireless TVs that people take to football games and every one of those doesn't work the next day. So there is something like 200 million of those that have been bought over time that nobody has even -- they are just going to go into the trash heap. So there is going to be people out there searching, well what do I do and it doesn't directly relate, but everybody will be more affected than I think people have pondered and I think that creates an opportunity. At the same time coming right on the heels of that saying well, we're going to change the way we program our cable and here is a little device we would like you to attach to your second and third set. It doesn't cost you anything or it costs next to nothing and we can reclaim that analog bandwidth in the midst of that confusion, and come out the other side with a clearly superior flexible bandwidth redeployment plan, I think is a great opportunity. So I think it is part of the -- we've got to all see. It has never happened before in this country. They are going to do a test in one market. We will learn something there, perhaps in Wilmington. But we said this is an opportunity. Let's try to think out of the box. It's interesting. Let's look at -- I'll try to answer that question, but if I might, let's look at last quarter both Verizon and AT&T combined and just see if the strategy makes a lot of sense for them. They have a stat -- I don't want to get this wrong -- I think Verizon -- take a cheat sheet here -- has spent in the last couple years, 2004 to 2008, $81 billion in capital spending, and AT&T spent $55 billion. Obviously this is wireless and wired. So between the two of them they spent $136 billion. Comcast spent $24 billion in the same '04 to '08 based on everyone's guidance. In the last four quarters we've added 4.3 million just Comcast, this is their nationwide spending, voice and high-speed data customers. And at the same time we've lost about 300,000 video. So we've netted 4 million to the good. If you take their data and their video businesses, they are basically 100,000 positive between the two of them. And so I don't see any -- if the goal of spending all the money was to get many video customers and get many data customers, more data customers, and you look at Verizon versus AT&T last quarter, AT&T who doesn't really have video the way Verizon does at this time, added way more data customers, including FiOS and DSL put together versus just DSL for AT&T. So and together they both lost more phone customers than their data business and their video business combined or right around breakeven. Look over on cable land and you put Time Warner in there and Cablevision and others -- in our industry if you take the phone and the high-speed data, you have a tremendously different story as to how we are growing the business. So they are going to get some customers. They have a product. I don't see any real product differentiation. It clearly makes us compete more. I think we've done a good job of not having to spend the kind of money that they've spent. I'm not sure that we can do anything about it. It is here. It is about less than 10% of our Company. You come to New York it is the talk because we live in New York; it is true in the East Coast, but it is a big country out there. We are still as focused on satellite as we are on that, and what we don't see to just make sure make the point, we don't think that it has changed that there is some success being built by this wireline package, that is any different than anybody else who spends a lot of money marketing just going to kind of product. They don't have more video or data success than their other Bell who hasn't taken that strategy (multiple speakers) spent a lot of capital. I hope so, and I think so. I am very excited about the potential of what we've done, and your description we've taken seven companies who all have a stake at wanting to create a wow, better than, not a me-too, high-speed experience for a variety of applications. And so simply put in a complicated deal, could you take those wireless and except for Sprint for the most part -- the have-nots, Google doesn't have a wireless platform. Comcast doesn't have one. Intel doesn't have one. But we all have a stake in wanting to create one. And so the structure of this was I think one of the most creative deals and I am very pleased with how it turned out, is to say could everybody feel good at the end. So Sprint is sitting with an incredible asset in their 4G spectrum or in their BRS spectrum, and Clearwire, and they've been trying to put the two together. Because once you do that, you then have some like 150 megahertz per market virgin spectrum; unprecedented opportunity. Then you say okay, but if you are a new build, how do you roam? One of the problems with any of the models we've looked at -- and we've looked at a lot for several years -- whether we do it ourselves or some other party wanting to build, then what happens? How do you make the product work? I think it is, you know, yes. Some of it is pricing. But a lot of it has to be, just has to be that we all -- think of your own personal Web usage, how much are you using video where before it was a once in a while thing. And now it is just coming in and just shows up, whether it is someone sending you something or using it as a link or just that is the primary news source that you are getting. Obviously services like Fancast are encouraging video behavior. And all of those applications are going to work better with better speed. And so I think the consumers figured this out; by now taking one of our bundles you can get the fastest Internet but not have to pay the highest price. So it is the combination of both. And so part of our strategy here is we are only 11% or 12% penetrated on phone. And we have a technological evolution to an even faster broadband with DOCSIS 3.0 with wideband where we can go from 10 megabits, 12, 16 megabits a second up to 50, 100 and beyond. And without a large investment. So our strategy is pretty clear. Over the next several years we want to be the fastest connection and retain that leadership. And we've taken steps to do that this year, but we also want now if you take one of our bundles, and something like of all the customers who take our phone service, we now -- the fourth largest phone company, 5 million phone customers -- 80 some percent take Triple Play. So you are getting the value, and you're getting the best product. That is a great strategy, I think. Look at last quarter. I think if you had -- look, and we would be the first to admit, we love to always at every moment in time have no controversy and no question and that is the plan of the Company. So rather than debate it, first of all I think that in the end customers vote and our digital sales and our revenue growth, our average revenue per customer, all had very healthy signs. Our high-def usage, is unbelievable. We are closing in on 30 views a month. So somebody may not think On Demand matters, but the consumer does. They are using it. What did we do last month? Over 300 million views and On Demand programming and we are now trying to make as much of that high-def as possible. So I'm not worried about that issue, but we certainly over the next couple years, we intend to have more channels and more choices and close that debate and then of course -- I think if you actually look at what Dave said, I'm not sure who did what to whom on the way out the door, so I am not even going to touch that. I'll let you guys speculate on how that went down but they sort of said that their target is not where they are starting, that they are going to target 3.25 times leverage, start out higher than that. The bridge financing, other things. So I'm not sure that it is a permanent structure where they are starting. So if you look at what we sort of said we want to be between 2.5 to 3 and then we have a dividend, they haven't said anything about that, so if you add back the dividend that was back to what I was saying, we are well north of 3 if you factor in the after-tax cost of the dividend or the pretax cost of the dividend to the leverage that we've got. So I think we are probably more comparable than first blush in my opinion. And I think we are very comfortable where we're at. I think we are off to, we are getting leverage in our returns and at the same time permanency with the dividend and these are interesting economic times. And I have always said that if the main criticism of Comcast is we are a little too conservative, that is something I think you can live with. The world has shown those who have strength take advantage of opportunities. I will, for instance, tell you that I think the wireless deal, I think previous management at Sprint has always said I wish we didn't have to do a Newco structure. We would like to fund it all ourselves, and this opportunity came along because we could write a check. And I think that that is the ying and the yang of how much leverage versus how much strength. And these things change and we will constantly reevaluate it. I think, can't help but pick up the newspaper and have your concerns about the world that we live in, whether it's inflation, recession, whatever macroeconomic times. I'm sure every company that has coming to this conference will have some turbulence as a result of the world we live in. I think we continue to be extremely fortunate that the products we have encourage you to enjoy your home, whether that is your computer, your television, your communications, your Internet, your On Demand, high-definition, the new device you just want to buy. And so I think we are very fortunate that in that macro world we do better than most. So I can't say that it doesn't -- fuel prices affect our trucks, and you're going to have things that affect you but we had a solid quarter. We got out of the blocks very well. The second quarter, we don't report for a while, but its seasonality I think for all the distributors is always -- we said that at the first quarter, so there is no change. But I am very pleased with how well the year got started, and we've set goals that I believe we can achieve. Broadband was a surprise in the first quarter. I think it surprised a lot of people with how healthy the market is. If we had something come along where it is a new business, I hope we can go out and build something that would create a new platform. But again, I don't see it as that material and the kind of numbers that we are talking about. I think tends to be askew a little bit in the street as to -- and understandably, the Bells are spending that kind of money; I think it is very legitimate. But day in day out, the footprint of satellite is a real competitor everywhere. So we focus heavily on them. And again I think one satellite company did better than street consensus. The other did a little worse on subscribers. So maybe they are fighting amongst each other and it is kind of the same. So I don't think any dramatic change but clearly it is -- our competitive focus is to have the best television product, the best Internet product and the best value phone offering and then we will talk about wireless and commercial and advertising other areas and content. But that is the core of the Company. So in the video space, high-definition television, people started to make a claim that they had a superior product. Can't let that stay very long. So we are doing a number of things to address that, and I think they are off to a good start. One is we announced last week every one of our high-def markets we have 500 choices of high-def programming right now, and that will be 1000 by the end of this year. What does that mean? Well, we may have in some cases, in all cases, less channels in high-def, but we are over 200 movies at anytime you want in high-def and 500 shows; that is part one. So we wanted to immediately have a campaign that we could credibly say we have more than anyone else and more than satellite. And that is our more, more, more campaign which you may have seen which is similar to the Slowsky Turtles. It's got very good fun and I think excellent advertising. Second, we need a plan to have more channels, or as many channels; any programmer that has a channel that we think deserves to be in high-def and use up that bandwidth we want to make sure we have that bandwidth. So we've begun the process to reclaim some of the analog bandwidth and redeploy it to do really three things. One is more high-def channels -- or four things -- more high-def channels. Two is more multi-cultural programming and foreign international programming. And three is faster Internet. And four is more On Demand with a project we call Project Infinity. So we are on a path to reclaim much of our analog and redeploy it so that we have an unquestioned superior video product and an unquestioned superior data product. Advance/Newhouse, Sanford Bernstein (multiple speakers) Thank you. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. No. I think we feel good about the start to the year. Appreciate the support, and we will do a breakout session and take some more questions from you all. I have not heard you exactly articulate it that way before, but in essence that captures a lot of what our strategy has been, which is have the best network, world-class network, whatever words you want to use and that that on the consumer to find applications that want to fill that pipe. And I think that is what is interesting; we were talking about some statistics coming up here. 43% of last quarter's revenues were not from traditional cable TV video. And that is a huge transformation of our Company in the last four or five years. And much of that is using that big pipe for other applications, be they high-speed data, phone, advertising and many of the commercial services and things we have planned for the future. So the health of our network I think is excellent. We actually have made a priority this year to improve that. At the beginning of the year we laid out a couple of priorities at the Consumer Electronics show, one of which was the network reliability, customer service we know we have to improve the perception and that is a very complicated, long-term project, but very critical. But the actual health of the network has taken great strides. We created a project called node health scores, and I think in the last 12 months a 50% improvement across all of our nodes. And what that means is the amount of those bips that are filling the pipe, how much are you stressing and how much are you not. There is a whole another way of managing the Company. We've seen our customer contact rates in April were the lowest that they've ever been. Our phone and data products have made great strides. We continue to be transitioning customers to digital. There is a lot more activity in the video side of business, but we expect great progress in that, as well. So I think pretty good.Right. So I think, Andrew -- from a physical perspective, what you said is accurate. The Buble did continue to sell in the quarter. I think we said he sold roughly two million albums or something like that. But you have to remember last year that number was six million albums. Predominantly, he's a physical artist. So from that standpoint, it is a very difficult comp year-over-year. But even as we said with that decline, it was offset by growth in the aggregate and digital streaming services become much more significant in their contribution to us. So we're able to maintain flat revenue overall. So I do think -- our expectations around physical is where we had thought they would be, both in the USand in Europe. And from a USperspective, as we said, there's been some sort of positive to neutral trends around things, the decline in the aggregate last year from a PEA perspective total equivalent albums was not that significant. And with some of the things that are happening in Europe, as we've anticipated, we'll see some physical declines that are deeper than in the United States. But they've all been sort of baked into how we look at our plan Thank you. I'm assuming you're referring to what's going on in the USwith some of the publishers pulling their digital rights. No, we actually don't. Those markets are still very strong, from a physical perspective. As you know, Japan is an 80% physical market, it's still a protective physical market. So we haven't seen any trends there that are different to what we expected or what we've seen in the past. Yes. Sure, Andrew. We do -- from a CapEx perspective against our existing business, we're roughly at 35 this year. Which I think we've always said, historically, it's been sort of sub 30, but we've had an uptick in that,just around some of the investments we're making in our IT systems. Thank you, Steve, and good morning everyone. As Steve mentioned, we are all very excited about the Parlophone Label Group. A couple of additional points on that before turning to our quarterly results. First, we have obtained commitments to finance the transaction through a new term loan facility provided by Credit Suisse, Barclays, UBS, Macquarie and Nomura. Given our continued commitment to financial discipline in our investments, it is important to reiterate that we expect the transaction to be leverage ratio neutral on a pro forma basis. Second, the transaction is expected to close mid-year 2013, pending certain regulatory approvals and a consultation procedure with employee representatives in France. Therefore, based on confidentiality obligations associated with the transaction, we are constrained in what we can say about our acquisition of Parlophone Label Group. Turning back to our results, this is another strong quarter for the company. From a revenue perspective, Digital revenue showed a significant increase, up 17%, with growth in both Recorded Music and Music Publishing. This was driven by growth in streaming and subscription revenue, as well as continued growth in download revenue. This total digital revenue growth, plus a 13% increase in Recorded Music licensing revenue, helped to offset revenue declines in non-digital Music Publishing and our physical Recorded Music business, keeping total revenues flat for the quarter. This quarter, our artist services and expanded rights revenue was flat, as domestic growth from strong merchandising sales was offset by international declines in our European concert promotion businesses. We remain confident that this revenue will continue to grow overtime, although fluctuate in quarter-to-quarter, based on the timing of tours. As in Recorded Music, Music Publishing digital revenue benefited from growth in download revenue and streaming and subscription revenue. Our solid performance in each of total OIBDA, Recorded Music OIBDA, Music Publishing OIBDA, and OIBDA margin this quarter is related to lower artist and repertoire costs, severance charges and variable compensation expense and professional fees. Recorded Music OIBDA rose 10% and Recorded Music OIBDA margin increased nearly two percentage points to 17%. Even with the decline in revenue, our Music Publishing business maintained flat OIBDA and saw a margin expansion of nearly one percentage point. As we discussed at our call last December, we are pleased to complete a successful refinancing of some of our existing indebtedness on November 1st. As part of the transaction, we refinanced all $1.25 billion of our 9.50% senior secured notes. As a result this quarter, we reported a loss of an extinguishment of debt of $83 million, which negatively impacted our net income. Turning now to our balance sheet and cash flows. We used $101 million in cash from our balance sheet as part of our refinancing. In addition, during the quarter, we repaid the $31 million outstanding on our revolver, which was drawn in conjunction with the refinancing. Even given these large cash outflows, we finished the quarter with $189 million of cash as of December 31st, compared to $302 million as of September 30th and $168 million as of December 31st, 2011. Operating cash flow declined to a negative $10 million from a positive $25 million in the prior year quarter. And free cash flow declined to negative $25 million from positive $14 million. The largest drivers of the declines were a $21 million increase in cash interest due to the timing of prior year interest payments resulting from our acquisition debt refinancing, and the timing of working capital, which included higher variable compensation payments, higher artist and repertoire expense, and lower collection on holiday sales in the current quarter than in the prior year quarter. We are pleased with the start we have had to our fiscal year. We're making the right investments to grow our business, support our artists, deliver strong margins and generate mean positive cash flows. With that, operator, please open the line for questions. Questions and Answers Yes. So that -- what happened was a couple years ago, EMI Music Publishing was the first one to do that with ASCAP, and now Warner/Chappell actually followed suit. And also Sony ATV and EMI have done that from a VMI perspective. And I think what they're look at is their ability to enter into more direct licensing relationships with these digital services. Not to, quite frankly, weaken the societies because I think the publishers still very much believe in the strength of collecting societies and their ability to license on their behalf, but to bring some flexibility from licensing perspective around digital rights as these services emerge. So I think what we've said in the past about where we were, in terms of achieving targeted cost savings, that $50 million to $65 million -- we've actually been able to deliver on that. I think you've seen some of that come through, just in the results. You've also taken a look at the projections that we have with our covenant EBITDA and you can see that those projected savings are actually coming down because they're being realized. So I think overall, our expense growth now is going to be in a relatively modest around our existing operations, just in terms of signing up new employees, normal merit increases that we would have, operating lease cost increases, those kind of things. You're not going to see major spikes, in my view, in our operating costs Thanks, Aaron. Yes. So there is significant lag between how the declines appear in the Recorded Music business -- they come sort of much more quickly in Recorded Music than they do in Music Publishing. Music Publishing delays, from a mechanical decline standpoint, can be as much as 18 months, just by virtue of the fact that collections in the US are delayed, just given the way record companies pay. There's just a quarterly delay. You can collect six months later. And then in foreign collections from a societies, they could be anywhere from six to nine months, from a collection standpoint, and then getting processed through our systems, it is another few months to a quarter around getting those mechanical revenues through the entire system. So there is just natural delay in the process. Why don't I circle back on that one with you offline and I can give you that information. No problem. So, Aaron, we don't think that we're going to have a significant amount of lumpiness here. We've seen growth in this area quarter-over-quarter for a while. We've actually seen, as we said in prior quarters -- while we're seeing continued growth in downloads, that growth rate is slowing a little bit as compared to the growth rate that we're seeing now with the maturation of the streaming services around the world.OK. There are best products and we're very excited about that agreement. It's a multiyear deal with lots of options. It's hard to - it's over a billion dollars - the contract is ... No, we disclosed our programming costs. They're trying, I believe, to call you, but I'm not sure. We'll see what happens. OK. Why don't you call him? We'll get back to you on that one. Next order of business on our agenda is a proposal to approve the 2002 restricted stock plan, which will increase the number of shares available for issuance under this plan from 10,750,000 to 15 million shares as well as include a range of performance targets to be used in connection with the awards granted under this plan. This proposal and the reasons for its adoption are described in the proxy statement. Do we have a motion for the plan? There are very careful rules that regulate the independence of bank directors because almost everybody, by definition, who's a bank director, has some dealings with the banks, if they're in business. And so ... But that's got nothing to do with us. Directors have stock options as part of their compensation. No. That is a outside right. It's been the way since the company was founded in 1972 and you look at the 20% returns of this company to shareholders for 32 years, double the S&P 500. We're quite proud of our record. We think it's the stability of the company. It's the - one of the secret sauces is the stability. Governance and voting are not always the same thing. How this company is governed is by an outstanding board of directors. That board of directors has consistently, for 32 years, shown the kind of quality of financial reporting, the integrity that defines the company and the outstanding value creation to shareholders. Next is a shareholder proposal that will introduce limitations on the compensation payable to senior executives. This proposal and the statements for and against this adoption are described in the proxy statement. Do we have a motion for this proposal from a representative of the United Brotherhood of Carpenters Pension Fund to approve the proposal? OK. Well, first of all, thank you. Thank you for your comments about me personally. We, basically, don't always believe everything you read in the newspaper. I know you know that, so ... I'd just like to thank Mike. Mike, you've had a consistent and long standing, upbeat, and I personally believe accurate vision of the potential of broadband in the - in this country and around the world. You help lead these two companies into one company smoothly and quickly, perhaps with unprecedented success. You helped integrate our board from two boards into one board, lending and creating a new company that personally was the single most important thing that had to happen. There is no we and they in this company, we are all Comcast, and you led by your own example. And this is the single most important deal in the history of Comcast, the integration of AT&T Broadband and Comcast. And it's gone off perfectly, and for that I, and I believe all the shareholders, thank you very much. Let me begin by saying that I have never been more excited by the opportunities for where Comcast is today. A lot has been written over the last few months, some of it surrounding our bid for Disney, suggesting that we need to make - needed to make a content deal because cable is not in great shape. Well nothing could be further from the truth about how we fell about our own company. And what we'd like to do today is show you now how strong the company's position is competitively, financially, and at an unprecedented levels at any time in our history. So let me begin by taking you through a quick presentation here. Today Comcast is, with 21 and a half million homes and customers, the largest multichannel provider of video in the nation. But it's not just size, we have a presence in 22 of the top 25 markets, that helps us as we think about new businesses like advertising and competing for new technologies. We have some of the best cities, including right here in Philadelphia as - that we call home. We are also the largest provider of Broadband in the United States, we're nearly one and half times the size of any of the DSL providers, and we got there first, and we got there with a better product. We're now building, as Mike talked about, the next generation of broadband, which includes Voice over IP, and some day IP television. Today we have 1.25 million telephone customers in this company, and we've used this time since the merger to prepare ourselves to roll out the next generation of telephony, which we believe will eventually include video and integrated messaging, and all sorts of features that you can do with the computer technology that you can't do with the circuit switch technology. We've been very successful in building content, and the value of our content portfolio has really been amazing. Last year we of course sold QVC, a $300 million investment turned into $7.9 billion. We have a number of other channels, and we see an opportunity with this kind of distribution to continue to build value in content. Perhaps most of all, we're in the strongest financial position by having paid off over $7 billion of debt in one year, perhaps a record. And we still have another 10 to $12 billion of non-strategic assets waiting to be monetized or turned into cash flow producing assets. So 2003 was a banner year for the company, and it sets the stage for the kind of growth that we think we're going to have in the years ahead. Now I put up a chart like this at last year's annual meeting, and I think without going through everything you can see we've hit almost all of our objectives. The first one was to stop losing customers to satellite. Very proud of the fact that we added 140,000 customers last year net after a 415,000 loss during the - waiting for the merger to happen, that in-between year. We've said we needed to grow cash flow to take the 16 to 20 percent margins and get them to industry norms. We thought it would take three years, and we did it in less than a year. We said we have to give our customers the best technology, so we have to rebuild all the systems, we're now 95 percent complete. By year-end '03 it's actually 96 percent by the first quarter. And probably most important we needed to improve the customer experience, and we now have a program, we're ready, we built 10 new call centers, we've hired thousands of the people, trained them. We're a very large company that has lots of volume, so we don't always get it right. I'm very proud of our initiative that Dave Watson in the marketing department, Steve Burke are working on called Think Customer First. And it's a mindset shift for this company, as you're going to hear about for years to come. But we recognize that customers have a choice to buy any one of our products, they're all competitive, and we need to have and think customer first. For those of you who are financially oriented, you'll like this slide. The cable cash flow in the middle, OCF, was 4.9 billion in 2002, it'll be 7.3 to 7.4 billion this year. At the same time our capital spending will - has decreased from 5.2 billion in one year, 4.1 billion, to 3.4 billion. So if you look at the free cash flow, after interest, after taxes, after all capital spending, we will have gone from a loss position to over $2 billion of free cash flow this year, and setting the stage for higher growth next year. Quick review of our products. We now offer to 100 percent of the markets Comcast Digital. We have over 7.6 million digital customers, we added a million last year, we gave guidance of 700,000 to a million more this year. What is Comcast Digital? Well we really have three strategies, to give our customers the best television experience possible. First product is on demand. With on demand we now have over 50 percent of our households that have digital have access, and we hope to have that up to 80 percent by the end of this year. We're rolling this out in - all over the country. Started right here in Philadelphia. We have over 1,500 hours of programming that you can get most of it for no additional cost, for free. Products like HBO, so you can see episodes of &quot;Sopranos&quot;, or &quot;Curb Your Enthusiasm&quot;, or shows like A&Es &quot;Biography&quot;, or Discovery Channels, we hope to have an array of content in the years ahead that's on demand. The best of cable, the best of broadcast, so that if you want anything on television, it will be better if you get it from Comcast than if you get it from anyone else because this technology does not work with satellite. In Philadelphia last month, nearly 60 percent of our customers who have this product used it, and on average household basis used it over 22 times in that month, that means they downloaded 22 different shows, something you could not have done if you were a satellite customer. That's going to change the way people use television, and it's going to become more personalized, the same way the Internet has changed the way many of us all get information. The next product is high definition television. All of our markets now offer HD, or 90 percent - over 90 percent. We have eight to 12 channels of high definition programming, the sets are getting cheaper, I think we're on an inflection point. Very soon when sub $1,000 you can buy a brand new 40, 50, 60-inch TV. If you want the Olympics in high def. this summer, you come to Comcast because you're not going to find it anywhere else. Digital video recorders, so-called TiVo, will be built into our cable boxes by the end of this year. We think it's very complimentary with the on demand strategy. In our test markets 81 percent of the DVR households also used on demand. We will hope to have both the Motorola and the Scientific Atlanta Stock boxes have DVR, as I said this year. And that's the reason we recently announced in a relationship with Gemstar that makes TV Guide, and a relationship with Microsoft to give us the best in breed software to enable our customers to use all these features seamlessly in an integrated way. Our high-speed Internet product continues to be growing at a fantastic clip. We've been very focused as we added nearly 1.7 million customers last year, not to just go where growth for growth sake. We said this year we hope to add around a million and a half to a million six. We also were able to by improving the speed and doubling and speed and improving our portal, Comcast.net, and constantly working on that, we are averaging $1 more in revenue this year than we did just in the fourth quarter per customer for all six million customers that we now have through the - through May or so. Or - with - on the portal, which we think is how to differentiate the product, we have something called the FAM where we one-minute video clips available from E Entertainment, Home and Garden, ESPN, Associated Press, Weather, we've added a music service, Rhapsody, with nearly a million songs. Created Travel Channel with Expedia, we have a wireless alliance with T Mobile, we have a security manager that helps you with virus and firewall, and we hope to have very soon future enhancements with pop-up blocker, instant messaging, and real time video messaging. What until you see video instant messaging, it's one of the next great things. Talked about phone already a little bit. Comcast Digital phone is coming, we have three markets. We're - we are rolling out this year in Philadelphia - parts of Philadelphia, Indianapolis and Springfield. Based on the success of that we will have 50 percent of our cable plant ready by the end of next year, and hopefully 95 percent by the end of '05. And that puts us in a position that if this product is as advertised and successful, we'll be in a position to continue to roll it out, and we're looking forward to the trials and the rollout this year. Our content business, we recently acquired Tech TV. So G4 Tech TV will be the next great service, we hope that joins the group at the bottom with E and Style and Golf Channel, and Outdoor Life. Right here the home of Comcast Sports Net, we wish today we were over at the other building because suppliers would be having a game tonight. But such is the fortunes of the sports, but we have three regional sports businesses. We are very pleased with our Comcast programming portfolio, and we hope to add to it with TV One, which is an African American partnership targeted network, and our new Comcast Sportsnet in Chicago. Look at the debt reduction we have managed to achieve since the closing of the AT&T Broadband transaction. And in addition to that, we have 10 to 12 billion of additional value, as I said, including 21 percent of Time Warner cable, which we've said we will - publicly that we intend to get out of. A billion and a half of Time Warner stock that becomes registered in about nine months. And we own still 120 million shares of Liberty Media. Larry Smith, John Alchin have done marvelous job of managing the balance sheet both with creative deal making, and prudent relationships with the financial community. Our company has never been in a stronger position, as long as I've been in this position, and that is what led the board of directors to authorize a stock buyback of a billion dollars. We will update the shareholders each quarter on the progress of that buyback, but we fully intend to try to execute most or all of that this year. But the number one thing that I think shareholders want to know that management's focused on is a long-term commitment to shareholder value. And if you invested with my father, Ralph in 1972 when he founded this great company, you would have a 20.4 percent compounded return every year, some years are better, some years are worse, but when you add it all together for 32 years double the Standard & Poor's 500, and you would - if you had put $7,000 in, you would have 2.6 million. With that, we will begin the more formal part of the meeting, and conduct the business of the day. Let me start by introducing our board of directors. I mentioned Ralph Roberts, where is Ralph? Founder of Comcast. Decker Anstrom, President and Chief Operating Officer of Landmark Communications. Mike Cook, prior chair of Deloitte & Touche. Ken Bacon, Senior Vice President of Fannie Mae. Sheldon Bonovitz, Chairman of Duane Morris. Julian Brodsky, Non-Executive Vice Chair of the Board. Joe Castle, Chairman and CEO of Castle Energy. Dr. Judith Rodin, recently retired President of the University of Pennsylvania, or still President University of Pennsylvania? Still President. Mike Sovern, Chairman of Sotheby's Holdings. And Mr. Arthur Block, as we heard, secretary of the meeting, would you please report on the status of the meeting? Competitor of who? David? No. Thank you. One TV One, we think it's a new channel. That it's an under served market. Yes, I've talked to Mr. Johnson from BET, but not so much TV One just about BET and his company. We're partnered with a company called Radio One public companies, that has the largest African American owned radio station group in the nation. We're very excited about the prospects. We think it's an under served market in a multi hundred channel world. We can have more than one channel targeted to the African American audience for sure. We'll see how the vote turns out. Thank you. We'll work on that now. Any other business to come before the meeting? If not, I hereby declare the meeting, a motion for adjournment. So moved. All in favor. Thank you very much for coming. We don't do that for competitive reasons. OK. Thank you, sir. Thank you. We are studying expensing stock options. We disclosed it all in the financial statements, but at this time, we are not expensing stock options as a line item directly that way. We're waiting for the results of the regulators to tell us the best methodology by which to expense stock options. Something we'll think about. We've never done that. I'm sorry. Hang on one second. Thank you very much. And with us today are some of the members of management, and they've heard what you said. And we'll be in touch. I'll now call on the judge of elections, start where we were about to go a minute ago. Thank you On the AT&T Internet service, and direct mail... What's the question? If I might, can I get all three questions, and then I'll... Good morning. OK. Let's ... The company that, as I said, that you're referring to, Comcast has no involvement in the financial side of that company and so it's an inherited situation that came with the AT&T transaction ... OK. Next is a proposal to approve an amendment to the company's articles of incorporation, which would, among other things permit the board of directors to determine the composition of the governance in nominating - directors nominating committee. This proposal and the reasons for its adoptions are described in the proxy statement. Do we have a motion for that proposal? Mr. Brauchie? So your point on -- let me just close the loop, then go to this gentlemen who's been patiently waiting. On Disney, we've moved on. Just to maybe be clear, we think our company's in great shape and whether I - you're right or wrong about how we go there, we feel it was an opportunity, something we looked at, but frankly, we're very excited about the business we've got. And our growth in the first quarter, which I didn't mention, was 21% cash flow on top of all those numbers, even though we gave guidance of 15-17% for the year. So we are off to a great start in 2004. First of all, thank you for helping remind me that one of the answers to the previous question of why it didn't happen sooner. Part of the - again, part of the bylaws of the company when we established the changes as part of the AT&T merger. And so, we're coming back to shareholders and saying, OK, we'd like to change that requirement that I would be on that committee and we need actually to consent to be able to get off. So it's kind of odd that Les Louis is recommending against that because of the point you made. So that would require me, then, to remain on. So sometimes you can't win for trying. No. We'll probably - we renewed our agreement to carry BET as well. Remember, I'm going to send you a letter. I'm not sure that we would think it took so long. We're very happy with the way the transition has gone. They company's in great shape and we're going through the natural process of taking a $50 billion merger, 50,000 or 60,000 employees and getting a company going. And we're very pleased and proud to have the report we just gave. On the matter regarding The Bank of New York, there's a company called U.S. Cable, that came with the AT&T acquisition. It's a minority ownership position, which has no financial control. Before we owned AT&T Broadband, that U.S. Cable had made a loan from Bank of New York that is no longer in the rears, as you call it. It was a technical default, but it's been cured. We have no involvement with the company other than an ownership in the stock, like everybody in the room here has an ownership in Comcast. But your point is noted. Regarding the conflict of the meetings, as I said to you, duly noted. They don't - did not consult the independent directors on the scheduling of the annual meeting. David, David, they've ... As well as Nasdaq. As well as the Securities and Exchange Commission and everybody else that regulates the - all the subjects you're talking about. J. P. Morgan is a large creditor of the company. They're the largest - I think the largest bank out there and ... We do have an independent. Mr. Anstrom is independent. He's his own person. He's a thoughtful leader. We have other members of the committee ... Why don't you just buy the product, and then you don't have get any more direct mail. Well, there's different points. There's many stockholders who ... We've - or by - I don't believe so, but I believe by advice of counsel, the judgment was made that he's independent. By the way, so does ISS. So do a number of large institutions have all recommended ... Next is a shareholder proposal requesting that the board direct the governance and directors nominee to me to nominate two candidates for each open directorship. But he's entitled to his opinion, too. You know, it's been our - your know, what specific question do you have for them? Is there comments? Thank you. From the report of the judge of elections, it appears, and I therefore declare each of the proposals regarding the election of directors, appointment of Deloitte and Touche LLP, the 2002 restricted stock plan, amendment's of the company's amended and restated articles, voted upon has been approved. And each of the other proposals voted upon has not been approved. The judge of election will execute a certificate as to the complete results of the balloting, which will be filed in our minute books along with the minutes of this meeting. I have not talked to him about that idea. Will the judge of election please submit his report on the results of the balloting. Thank you. OK. The judge. Appreciate the point. The next five items to be discussed are shareholder proposals. The board has recommended that shareholders vote against each of these proposals. The first shareholder proposals are proposals to have independent directors constitute two-thirds of the board. This proposal and the statement for and against this adoption are described in the proxy statement. Do we have a motion by a duly authorized representative of the AFL-CIO reserve fund to recommend this proposal? Cablevision - I, you know, it - like Cablevision. They're a wonderful company. I think they've made no indication that they want to sell. Yes. My understanding, yes. I don't know on the virus, but I believe that one of our next products, as I mentioned, we are going to have antivirus protection as part of Comcast.net, our high speed Internet. By being always on, you do not have any higher likelihood of getting viruses. And who knows who's making those viruses. I doubt it's the people making the anti virus. Thank you. I relayed your concern to The Bank of New York. Yes. Yes, sir? OK. Next is a shareholder proposal that recommends that the company publish a detail list of political contributions. This proposal in the statements and its adoption are described in the proxy. Do we have a motion by Evelyn Vi Davis on her duly authorized representative to approve the proposal? Ms. Davis? That's my belief. OK. Thank you. Next is a shareholder proposal requesting the board director governance and directors nominating committee to nominate two candidates for each open directorship. This proposal and the statements for and against this adoption are described in the proxy. Is Richard A. Dee or his authorized representative, I see there, approve the proposal, please. Right. We have very satisfied customers to high speed Internet. We're all always concerned about viruses as users of computers, it's a new world. And it's something that is, I think, unstoppable at some level, but we're spending a lot of money and so are a lot of other people trying to give customers... I actually believe that when we originally put AT&T and Comcast together, there were seven new directors that came on the Comcast board. And we stated then that we anticipated great stability with the board and those 12 board members. One did retire, as you mentioned. I don't believe it was related to Disney, but the other 11 directors have been a wonderful group, learning the business as we talked about, integrating the AT&T culture and the Comcast culture. We're very satisfied this year to present this slate. Next year is a new year. Thank you, Evelyn. Approximately less than that. A lot less than that. OK. We're beginning - we're beginning to trial the product, as I just said in my report and we will see how it goes. And if we don't meet with the good success, then we won't go that fast. But we believe that new products are what power the company's growth and we're optimistic. But we'll take it one step at a time. Let me let this gentlemen ask a question. We'll come right back to you. But it's been now been cleared up. OK. One more. In addition with me this morning are members of senior management and will be available after the meeting for folks who want to follow up. With that, our first order of business will be election of directors. All of our nominees for directors currently serve as our directors. Is there a motion to approve the election of each of the nominees of director? Julia? Thank you. We are beginning - we are ... I will send you a letter. Hang on. We'll get you ... Thank you. Our second order of business will be the proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche, LLP as the company's independent auditors for the 2004 fiscal year. Is there a motion to approve this? Suponski?Well, let me start big picture and maybe Steve can comment a little bit on specifically where we're at. But for those of you that did not go to the Consumer Electronics show, Comcast announced several initiatives with Panasonic and Samsung, at the Panasonic announcement, exactly to your point, a new entrant to the set-top box market, they believe they are going have boxes in a year or so available. They will be high-def, I think really sort of three-tuner boxes. That's more than we have now. They will have 2X the capacity for storage for the consumer, and it will have the ability to quote, go to the net or live television or VOD. It will be a much, it's an all digital box and it will come in at significantly lower prices than what we're paying today. And we had, the Chairman of Panasonic, Electronics present us with their plan, and we put a purchase order in, and at the same time we worked with them on an initiative, this is unrelated, to have television theaters and home theaters produced by Panasonic integrate with Comcast and potentially other cable companies, so that with one remote control, you can control your volume, and your theater, control your DVD player, control your DVR box, and can turn on your Panasonic TV, all with the Comcast experience popping right up, no other provisioning required. So the relationship with these consumer electronics companies, and the innovation that they can provide to our industry, and doing it on a combination of their balance sheet and our balance sheet, not solely our balance sheet, I think is the model that we want to pursue. We had a similar exciting announcement with Samsung. So you're talking about two of the three or four largest consumer electronics companies in the world, now have direct relationship with Comcast. By no means does that mean we aren't interested in a major ongoing and increasing our relationship with Motorola and Scientific Atlanta. But there's a lot of development going on, and I think this is all going to be good for us in both innovation, in consumer applications, and in reducing capital, so that this begins to be a more competitive marketplace. And that's a lot of the initiatives that we didn't talk about in this call, that we also did in '05, have laid the foundation to make this kind of thing possible with all digital. You couldn't do that if you didn't do digital simulcast. You couldn't do this if you hadn't gone in Motorola's joint venture, had an agreement with Motorola up front that this was where the future of digital was headed. Let's go there together. You couldn't have done if we hadn't had our own guide, so that experience pops right up, seamlessly and easily across all platforms. We're pretty excited about that whole space. Okay. I'll try to hit them both, John, you can jump in on the first one. Obviously we're not doing '07 guidance here today. So I will generally say that it's our belief, as we put this budget together, if you looked at the various things management has to look at, which would be pushing EBITDA, push for that maximum EBITDA growth we could, push for the maximum RGU growth we could, try to have the minimal capital expenditures we could, and some of the other kinds of variables that go into putting a business plan together. If had you to pick one that we said we want to accelerate, obviously I think Steve did a wonderful job just now explaining the strategy. We are accelerating RGUs, and if at some level that is putting some pressure, downward pressure on EBITDA, as John tried to estimate, in my opinion, if you can be double-digit cash flow, convert 25% of that to free cash flow, and at the same time have a 30-some percent increase in your growth rocket engine for the future years, it should then in logic lead to, in the years beyond '06, to the same or better, hopefully better growth rates for the Company. We don't think this is a one-year phenomenon with telephony, but we will reach scale when you're talking about a million units of volume, and having the company trained, and all the service issues that that will create. And so I think we're very bullish on cable's prospects, which is a different answer perhaps than what the market sees, in terms of our business prospects. We can't be certain obviously, put all the caveats around it, and we'll give you the '07 view when we get there, but we believe this business is going to remain healthy and, you know, obviously people are entitled to their own opinion. John, do you want to add to that? Great. Thank you, John. Good morning. In 2005, we delivered solid financial results in all of our businesses, and at the same time and perhaps even more important, we have made significant steps in laying the foundation, that is going to help us dramatically accelerate new product growth in 2006. I'm very bullish, and want to explain to you a little bit, why we are as upbeat about all parts of the Company as we start out the new year. First of all, the Cable group is very healthy in all parts of the business. We have accelerating CDV, Comcast Digital Voice growth, and a group of content assets, where we are extending and enhancing the value of our programming grants. In 2005, results once again demonstrated the health of these businesses. John and Steve are going to drill into the details, but despite hurricane effects, and an unusual fourth quarter in that regard, and certain investments, opportunities in the content business that we believe are going to pay off in years to come, we achieved near double-digit revenue growth, double-digit cash flow growth, generated $2.6 billion in free cash flow, and used a significant portion of which to reinvest in Comcast stock. We are now focused on new products as the engine for a whole new growth era, and 2005 was a terrific year in RGU growth, with 2.6 million units. But that's going to accelerate, as you can see in our guidance in 2006 by some 35%, to 3.5 million units. Our strategy of differentiation in both cable, high speed data, and content is going, and is paying off. In 2005, in addition to the results that you've heard about, we were very busy laying the foundation, to set us up for this accelerated RGU growth era that we think we're headed into. We were busy building a national back bone. We were busy completing our bedrock foundation, which is a converged network with one infrastructure, that enables all products to be provisioned seamlessly. We have 75% of the Company now offering digital simulcast signals in our markets, and we're ready to ramp up the delivery of yet a new product, enhanced basic cable. 100% digital service that will include our ON DEMAND features, that enhance the video experience for many more customers from where we're at today. Speaking of ON DEMAND, and our leadership role in developing this differentiated product, we have the opportunity now to continue to expand high-def ON DEMAND. We have the opportunity to expand the quality of the content ON DEMAND, and in 2005, we had 1.4 billion views of our ON DEMAND service, only by our existing digital customers. As you know, our strategy is to take that product through the enhanced cable, and make some form of it available eventually to most of our 22 million customers. ON DEMAND is now available to more than 90% of the digital home, and we have had some markets where the average home uses the product 30 times a month, for a half an hour per view. We also added 1.5 million DVR boxes and high-def boxes, so the 25% of our digital customers now take what we call advanced digital services. The consumer, and we believe we bet right, wants to be empowered and control their viewing experience, and the combination of DVR and ON DEMAND is unparalleled, unprecedented with any of our competitors. In our content area, we launched Sprout. We partnered with the NHL for Outdoor Life Network, and we partnered with the PGA tour for the Golf Channel. These new initiatives, although perhaps depressing cash flow growth in the short run are going to we believe, pay off many fold in the years ahead, with the ability to have a richer and more robust programming channel, get the distribution expanded, and create more value in the long run, and that's been our pattern in programming for many years. We signed a 20-year wireless JV during the year with Sprint/Nextel that many of you have heard about. That's going to help us innovate into the wireless space as it interconnects with cable, and available to Comcast customers for years to come, all without having to need to go into the wireless business directly. So I believe the technical foundation is now in place, and because of that fact, our network and all the work that we've put into our back office, we are in a unique position today, to offer a bundle that no other competitor can offer, and we recently have reorganized at the beginning of the year, and Steve can talk a little bit about this, the Company internally to have one operations, marketing and product development team, regardless of what products are in the bundle, so that there's one team driving the bundle. And we have one engineering team for all our products doing the same thing for video, voice, high speed data, and wireless. So we've done the work. We're ready to go, and you're going to hear about that in greater detail. As you look out at the opportunity for Comcast, which is I think, different than perhaps any other company in the space, we have multiple products now that we can sell, including CDV, to the 42-plus million homes in our market. Now, we have a great opportunity to increase RGUs, by selling to our own customers. Approximately 20, 21, 22 million homes, but that leaves another 20 million homes where we have built this state-of-the-art fiber-based network, and we have no relationship with the consumer. That 20 million homes is probably larger than almost all but one other cable company in existence, and as we launch more services and features, we hope that the power of that bundle will allow us to extend our customer relationships into more of those homes in the years ahead. Finally, in 2005, we invested more than $2.5 billion in our stock through stock repurchases and related securities. In the last two years, we've invested a total of $5 billion in our stock buyback and our retirement of exchangeables. While at the same time maintaining a strong investment grade rating. Today, I'm pleased to announce that the Board has approved an additional $5 billion buyback authorization, hopefully demonstrating our belief and confidence in the business, and our commitment to long-term shareholder value growth. With that, let me pass it over to John and Steve. Go ahead. We hear you. Okay. On content, we have always said that there's an opportunity to build cable programming brands, and when we looked at NFL football or PGA golf, or any other activities like hockey, NHL hockey and other things, that haven't been reported publicly, our goal is the same. We are trying to take our brands and extend the number of homes. In most of our channels, we don't have any channels, maybe E! is the exception, that is north of 70 million homes or 80 million homes, like some other cable channels. We have an opportunity to reach into more homes, which will add revenue and cash flow in the years ahead. We have an opportunity to lift ratings, and continue to get revenues from advertisers and cable operators, as you become more relevant. And so each one is opportunistic. There's a financial discipline in the Company, in each situation. If I might, I'll dwell on the PGA golf tour more than I will on the one that's not happening. We have a potentially a 15-year relationship that will, any golf tournament, 40 week as year that's happening in the Professional Golf Tour, the only place to see cable television golf in those 40 weeks will be on the Golf Channel. That's a tremendous leap forward for that network and going to add great value. So in the short run, if that's a drag on cash flow, again, our strategy is to build for shareholder growth in the long-term. That's what has served this Company so well, and I think in the content area, these are relatively small impacts to the overall corporation, but may be very significant opportunities to each individual network. Let me answer the question on net neutrality, if I might. We continue to believe that proponents of the so-called net neutrality are pursuing a solution in search of a problem. Neither Comcast nor any other major cable operator has ever blocked access to my knowledge of customers to any websites, and the competitive market, in fact there are multiple ways to access broadband and the high speed internet, and the internet in general, continues to be the ultimate governor of conduct in this context. But we do also recognize and try to advocate for our right as a network manager, to manage the network, to make sure that the customer experience does not get degraded, due to outside influences like spam and other things. And finally, we have not had any discussions with content providers with respect to any charges directly from such providers, and that's an area that at this time, that's where we're at. So we don't believe that this is the right policy. I don't see it at the moment, having a lot of, it is a regulation of the internet, and we're certainly going to try to fight anything like that.I'll give you an indication. I want to be careful to not start tracking that level of detail what I would say is that the growth rate of the Modem network is in line with the overall. You know, had some real success also in accelerating their clients by cross selling additional capability into it. I feel very good about that. They've done a tremendous job of margin expansion. Really contributed to the overall utilization in margin improvement we've seen. The new combined Modem team has done a terrific job. One year this call that we came together. We just did the review versus our projection. They exceeded everything we thought they could do in the second year. Thank you, David. For the full year 2005, further tightened our expectations for fee revenue and expect to finish the year at the high end of our guidance at 338 to $340 million. Pass through revenues are expected to add approximately 50% fee revenues. You'll remember in January, that our initial full fee revenue guidance was 320 to $340 million, and that we've been able to raise the lower end of the range with each passing quarter. For the full year 2005, we expect earnings per share in accordance with GAAP of 0.41 to $0.43. And we expect to achieve adjusted earnings per share using the Company's actual tax provision of $0.46 to $0.48. For the fourth quarter, these translate as follows Stripping out AT&T, organic growth was, I think it was 23%. Absolutely. Lower billing rate people are also better utilized. The utilization drives the market. And so we actually view it as a good sign. Because it -- what what we're managing to is the margin here and the profitability of the account. And being able to better utilize more junior people is actually better for everybody. Specifically Gillette, we tend not to talk about each client's specific make-up, except the top ones. Gillette on average is right around our 20th or so biggest client, give or take. There's always movement when you get to that level. It's certainly a small, small piece of the overall pie. The -- well two things in it. From the G&A perspective, we can certainly continue for focus on making sure we're controlling the G&A costs and really understanding exactly where we're spending each of those dollars. I think from a percentage basis, yes, absolutely there continues to be some leverage in the G&A function for us to go get. As we've stated in the past, we expect on a year-over-year type basis, we should be able to go get 100 basis points of EBIDTA, and I would expect that G&A would make up, you know, approximately half of that. As far as the least hold improvements, we've completed our move into our new facility in Boston. We'll continue to see some capital expenditure in Q4 as the last build comes through and also some tenant reimbursement allowance coming back. Overall, our total CapEx on a net basis, still between kind of -- right around $15 million for the year. Let me handled DSO part first. The DSO is really made up of a couple parts. One is pretty much across our board with almost all of our clients, we continue to make sure we're paid in advance for pass through that we may need to put in market and acting as their agent. That's one piece. The other piece is real ruthless attempt to make sure that we're keeping every single bill current. As I mentioned earlier, only 1% of our accounts receivable more than 90 days past due, so that's certainly contributed to the DSO decrease in Q3. Hang on one second. Have to flip pages. G&A expense for the quarter was -- Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our third quarter conference call. I'm Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer at Digitas, Inc. Joining me on the call today, David Kenny our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that the discussion today contains forward-looking statements, which may involve risks or uncerntainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. For discussion of these potential risks and uncerntainties, please refer to the risk factors section listed in our SEC filings. They apply to our oral and written comments. I'd like to remind you that the guidance we're offering today represents a point in time estimate of our future performance. You'll find a link to the webcast of this call as well as to today's press release at www.digitasinc.com in the Investor Section. The press release includes a reconciliation of any non-GAAP measure we refer to on this call to the directly comparable GAAP measure. I'll begin today's call by providing a recap of our performance in the third quarter of 2005, David will then share his thoughts on the state of our business. I'll then give you some additional details about our expectations for the remainder of the year. There will be time for questions. Overall, we turned in a solid quarter as The fundamentals of the business remained strong. To recap the quarter, third quarter fee revenue of $85.5 million, slightly exceeded our previously stated guidance of 83 to $85 million. This represents 43% growth over the $59.9 million reported in last year's third quarter. Had both Modem and Digitas part of Digitas, Inc. in the third quarter of 2004, our growth would be 16%. We further diversified our revenue base as our top ten clients represented 68% of fee revenue in the quarter, a 13 percentage point decrease from a year ago. Total revenue, which includes reimbursable expenses, was $134.4 million in the quarter as compared to $90.5 million in the third quarter of 2004. Adjusted cash earnings, which excludes from GAAP earnings the amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation, and restructuring activities, using the Company's actual cash tax provision were $9.4 million or $0.10 per share for the third quarter of 2005. We reported adjusted cash earnings of $10.1 million, or $0.13 per share in the third quarter of 2004. As we noted in our press release dated September 16, 2005, we recorded a $3.2 million charge, or $0.03 per share to guide that expense, to bad debt expense, to write down prepetitioned receivables given the uncertainty of our ability to collect, due to Delta's bankruptcy protection filing. The impact of the charge resulted in us lowering our adjusted cash earnings and GAAP earnings by $0.03 per share for both the third quarter and for the full year. Net income for the quarter was $8 million or $0.08 per share, as compared for net income of $8.2 million or $0.11 per share for the third quarter of 2004. Cash and short-term investments increased to $183.3 million at September 30, from $174 million at June 30. We repurchased 850,000 shares of stock through our open market buyback program, for $9.5 million or add an average per share price of $11.23. Over the past year, we have repurchased approximately 4.3 million shares, at an average per share price of $9.98. Day sales outstanding dropped to 15 days in the quarter from 30 days at June 30. Less than 1% of our accounts receivable was 90 days or more past due at the end of the quarter. With that, let me turn it over to David. Hi, Chris. Oh, sorry. Depreciation was $2.3 million. Amortization of our customer assets that we acquired from Modem, 700 K. Stock-based comp was just under 800 K. I'm sorry, Julia, what was the other part of your question? CapEx was $9.4 million. That's a gross number. That includes the -- the work that we had to do on our treatment. The tenant improvement we get back is reflected through our rent line as a rent reduction. And back to the Q4 question. You're right. Our growth rate is 15 to 18% for Q4 in the guidance over last year. If you -- if you do exclude AT&T out of that, still a $4.5 billion client in Q4 of last year. It's certainly more running at a 1 to 1.5 pace now. You'd get to 20 to 23% growth rate. So we're pretty consistent where we are in Q3, 16% growth rate, and, you know, ticking up a little bit on that in Q4.This is Brian. I think we've remained bullish, as John said, that the fourth quarter will be 39 to 40% in that range that we have pretty much one of our goals was to get all of Comcast to around 40% margins. Historical Comcast continues to be above that and so it is now inconceivable that we could go higher. We do balance these unit growth. I think there's no question that the penetration comes down a little bit, but we find that we're able to look at this in the sum total of the whole business and part of the ongoing capital budget is building to new developments, and hopefully getting a decent share. So all in all, you've got to take the whole thing as a package I think. Thank you. I'll continue. At Comcast.net we did an arrangement with Disney for our kids channel, and recently in the last week we announced a 24-hour preschool channel to launch with Children's Television Workshop in partnership with Hit Entertainment, PBS, and Sesame Street. In the sports category, a lot's been talked about NFL ON DEMAND and the NFL Network. I can tell you that in the first month alone we had over 2.9 million orders for NFL Replay. On average each user ordered 5.2 titles. That's per week on the order rate. Also increasing our local and regional sports offering with the Mets partnership that we joined with Time Warner and the Mets, with Dallas Cowboys, in our Dallas system, and we're launching Comcast Sports Net West which includes the Sacramento Kings and other content. All of this will provide more choice, more control on both our broadband and on our digital product. We are excited with the quarter. You'll get to hear a lot of the detail right now but on almost every metric I think the Company continues to show incredible progress from the AT&T Broadband acquisition. John. I just want to add to that that I think that last point is the critical differentiation between the question I just got asked about the phone company's investment and their return versus our opportunity to take the existing network. Wow, we could probably get you some tapes. But I think there's a lot of things there that come out. First of all, one of the questions that got asked earlier in the call was, what are we going to do to enhance VOD this coming year, and one of the things we're doing will be that at least Sony will be up and running with their part of that VOD offering very soon, and then when the MGM deal closes, you would add their content because the Sony content can come on sooner. We're also doing original programming for VOD that Steve didn't really talk about so there's new programming like NFL that's never before been available in quite that way. There is original programming, and we're doing everything from, you know, yoga lessons to all sorts of an array of niche, kind of passionate viewing alternatives. And then there's the big ratings generators like the &quot;Desperate Housewives.&quot; And you know, we're in conversations with a number of content companies, and I think they're looking at, you know, kind of a bit of a choice. On the one hand, DVRs, whether it's from the satellite companies, the cable companies, or direct purchases from consumer electronics companies, and, by the way, every company in Korea and Japan intends to bundle DVRs into, whether it's televisions or set-top boxes or DVD players or whatever. So you're going to see many, many more of the, you know, just flat-out storage devices, and so that content is going to be able to be stored by a consumer for free, and pause live television at any time, and that feature and function is coming, and so do they, does the content company accelerate and try to, you know, license the right to do that to a company on whatever terms they can do so, or do they just wait for the consumer to get that functionality in their home. And so we're going down both roads. You can today have &quot;Desperate Housewives,&quot; in fact, now, I'll share my admission, I too, watched it this week, and we did store it. Good morning. This is a really exciting conference call for us. Jumping right in, I think the headline, at least for me, is that we added 549,000 high-speed Internet customers, the most in Comcast's history. It brings the year-to-date to over 1.269 million, close to 1.3 million high-speed Internet connections, totally in line with our performance last year but appearing to accelerate. The third quarter is the best quarter for high-speed Internet in the last several years, and that's as people go back to colleges and other things, but clearly there's more happening in the data market than any of us originally anticipated, and the market continues to expand and grow and, of course, equally strong news is that the average revenue per unit is in the 42 to $43 per month range. Think back a couple years ago as competition intensified in high-speed Internet. To be able to report accelerating growth and to now be able to have between 1.6 and 1.7 million net adds for the year, again, higher than what we thought at the beginning of the year, is, to me, just fantastic. Similarly, digital cable had a great quarter. This, I think, is the third straight quarter where we have had higher net adds than we did in the first three quarters last year. We are up 341,000 new digital customers this quarter. To me, it's a reaffirmation of our differentiation strategy, most notably ON DEMAND. Comcast ON DEMAND continues to show great progress, and Steve will talk a little bit about that. We also have launched numerous high-definition channels, continue to improve the quality, and we in many markets are now launched with DVRs and will continue to have a great growth in the digital category as we continue to improve the product all the time. In our high-speed Internet business we also continue to add features which is part of our success. This quarter alone we added really a robust video e-mail service, photo show deluxe, and for some customers a 4-megabit-speed option. So we are focused at Comcast, as we have been for several years, on delivering multiple new products. And not just products that our competitors have, but products that are differentiated. And that's all built from a two-way network. And if I could just pull out of the earnings numbers for a second and talk about kind of the bigger picture and then we'll dive into it. I just got back with a delegation of cable labs from Korea and Japan, and we were talking with the consumer electronics manufacturers about the future of two-way and the power of the broadband network and comparing notes and laying plans for the future. And whether it's in, all the array of devices that are coming in the future, they're all going to be there to give people an ON DEMAND experience, whether it's wireless or wired, in-home or out of home. It is critical that the cable industry work with these manufacturers to help cable be there first and in a seamless way. And I'm pleased we were able to sign an agreement with Samsung, the first of its kind, that all of their two-way devices are going to inter-operate with the cable industry, with the cable card, and with OCAP. We had tremendous conversations and a great trip, and I can talk about that at people's desire. So the industry is moving in lock-step in a two-way world so when you buy your device ultimately it's one remote control, ultimately it's a seamless experience for navigation, and it is technically secure. As we look at ways to drive the differentiation strategy at the same time we are returning money to shareholders. This year alone we have repurchased more than $1 billion of our stock, 38.9 million shares, and settled approximately $600 million of debt securities into cash that were previously exchangeable into Comcast stock, so we have stepped up and we'll continue to do so. If you turn the slide, you'll see that the investments that we've made this year in the last three to four months that are in each one not necessarily the largest transaction, but when you put it together, it is indicative of a strategy, and I think a successful start to that strategy. And that is, to continue to offer an array of choices to our ON DEMAND customers. And in every critical category, movies, kids, and sports, you can see that we've made real progress in the programming department, whether it's Sony and MGM that allows us to have movies and television titles, some 150, and the ability to offer these movies and TV shows from both the MGM and the Sony library of over 7,000 titles to our customers in ON DEMAND for free. At the same time we're hoping to launch new cable channels with our new partners and to find ways to add value and more VOD services. In the kids category we had two significant announcements. One is on our high-speed Internet, Comcast.net, we made an arrangement with Disney [background noise] I think we're very excited about just cable ad sales in general. We have a feature in ON DEMAND called Marketplace. You click there and we're trying some things with General Motors where we have six different product offerings from General Motors from On Star to various cars and trucks. And you can go in and pull up video and it's free content, and it's part of the package that we [evalue], we can deliver and advertiser that again, nobody else can do. And as eventually you can click on an ad and go right to that part of the service and other technological enhancements that are coming coupled with the more accurate measuring, coupled with the focus that Charlie Thurston and other people have brought to Comcast spotlight is pretty exciting. On the high-speed data question, again, nobody knows, but we are at 17% penetration. And this product, I just can't imagine the youth of America wanting narrow band when they become the purchasers as they grow older. And it's just a long-term trend that remains all of us of cable TV in the beginning days. And once you have it you don't go back. And that's the reason that we look at more cable. Let me point out that we can't gauge any better than anyone else whether or not that this makes economic sense, and whether this is a long-term strategy or a short-term test, albeit large dollars. Well, I think it's hard to, as Steve said, makes the data product for the analog-only customers. And so, in that respect, perhaps if we hadn't had the data customer, it would be a different outcome. I mean, you know, the glass half full/half empty way of looking at these results. Frankly, we are in a competitive business, in basic video, and we are totally aware of that and we've been doing everything to position our product to be different than our competitor and that differentiation is only for our digital and high-speed data customers right now. So one of the things that Steve was just talking about is, in terms of getting the analog service broadcast in digital and getting the ON DEMAND feature available to more customers, is really what I think will have even a more of an impact than 17% of people taking high-speed data. Secondly you had, frankly, you definitely have some customers who take satellite and take cable high-speed data, and we certainly make that available to them. So over time we do hope to win back some of the dishes, and we've gone out and begun, you know, more targeted aggressive dish win-backs. So, you know, I think we're pretty satisfied in that every one of the years since the launch of satellite we have managed to grow and, you know, at least hold our own, and at the same time, this year alone, at the rate we're on, we'll sell over two and a half million new products, and we did so last year. So just what's coming into the Company's coffers versus what is going out is so dramatically different, I think we're very pleased, but I can't deny that we have real good competition from satellite that's certainly spending a lot more marketing dollars than ever before, and we're doing our best. I think on the article in the Wall Street Journal about Level 3 and Sprint, we're doing a number of things to get ourselves prepared for VoIP and also to make our high-speed data business more efficient and more profitable than it already is. But beyond that, we don't really want to comment on other public companies, agreements with other public companies. This is a first. With my wife on a two-tuner DVR that we have from Comcast that Steve said is now available on all our markets. And it was one click, easy to store, and if you, you know, want that product, you're going to be able to get that from Comcast and we're selling thousands a week. At the same time, it would be nice to make that feature available to more customers and have some commercial relationship to try to offer that functionality, which, by the way, is going to only make that show more in the conscience of America. So we're out trying to have those conversations now. Certain types of content companies will not want to do, but I think more and more, we're seeing whether it's the Tom Brokaw Nightly News or whether it's shows from CBS that we were able to secure, a number of more high visible programs, but the big win for cable, frankly, is probably not just around the big shows because you can do that with a DVR. The choice, as Steve just said, was to give 2,000 choices, and hopefully some day 10,000, if not more, and begin to replicate the breadth and depth of the Internet brought to your television with you in control in a very simple, easy to use guide, which is what our strategy is. Thank you very much.Yes, we saw a little bit of that start, I think, as planned in the second quarter as well as some customers started to move away in the latter half of the quarter,, especially. They were around $12 million in Q2 and then were dropping off from there. I certainly don't think it's constrained upon supply, especially as we get into Q4. I think Charlie and the team feel very confident that we are on schedule with the third line. That third line then gives us really the -- that ample cushion that we need if you will around capacity. It gets us closer. We need to ramp it up, obviously but it gets us up to that million pod per month capacity. It is hard to -- a lot of these patients will have just gone through a first reorder if they were added in the March type timeframe. Around the specific new set of patients it is early days. But our overall attrition rate has been pretty constant, down a little bit over the course of the last few months, trending downwards such that we've been slightly under 9%. That trend seems to be continuing and going in the right direction. I'd only add to that, Raj, real quick that the sales force, if you can imagine, you are coming off of really five months now of blowing the door off its hinges initial shipments. A lot of the promise for them too is coming true where would they be able to increase their prescriber bases? Would they be able to see the growth within their specific doctors and clinics? Would that translate ultimately into bigger commission checks? I think what we have seen so far by the results of the last five months is that coming true. It is a very, very motivated, I think very excited and very happy sales force right now that is driving an awful lot of patient demand and the last thing we want to do is slow that down. Thank you. I think we are on track or even a little bit ahead of it. I think the question in the shorter term is making sure that we can like the rest of the US business, I think they've seen a huge acceleration in demand. We just want to make sure that they have appropriate amounts of supply, as well. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2013 conference call. I'm Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the securities laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act, section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act and are making the statements for purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the Company's potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the Company's press release issued earlier today. And in the Risk Factors section of the Company's SEC filings, including the Company's annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would also like to remind you that the guidance we are offering today represents a point-in-time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of this call, as well as today's press release, at MyOmniPod.com in the Investor section. And now I will turn the call over to Duane. What is clear though, is after line three is built, here in the short-term then we will be quickly on within the next few months to line four. There are certain tools and pieces of equipment that have long, long lead times where we have already ordered for line four and frankly for volumes to be able to reach a line five. We do still have some line building to come, but it's -- that is a good problem to have. Hi, Kim. Hi, Jayson. Mid single digits percent for us total. Again, to end point we probably could have -- if we weren't a little inventory constrained, we probably would have been able to ship them some more before the end of the quarter but we had to hold back a little bit to make sure we were meeting the needs here too. Yes. Actually anecdote that I could add to that is we looked at -- for -- in preparation for looking at our data for the last three months, we looked at the zero to 10 group. That group would be a little bit of a smaller number. That group more than doubled compared to the same period over the prior year. I think that is absolutely true. Yes. Sure. This is Brian. I will start and then Duane can jump in as well. One of the interesting things as we just run some analytics and look at the amount of initial shipments coming has been the number of new practices that have been opening up. I think what we are really excited about it is really across the board. So some of it is within -- I think as we have talked about before, the commercial team has done a really nice job of trying to segment out what I would call their top 60 or so accounts in a given territory. And then there is this bucket of everybody else. Within that top 60 accounts, it is not that all 60 of those were prescribing the OmniPod, it was that the accounts within the territory that we wanted to be prescribing the OmniPod. And I think what is really exciting about it is we are seeing across the board doctors from all of those different levels now coming aboard -- onboard and prescribing. So at the end of the first quarter about one out of ten of our shipments were from these new prescribers. But it was pretty early days. Now that we've had three more months of the commercial team being able to get in front of these doctors, ask for a couple of patients and be able to try and sample the product, if you will, we've seen that move almost to one in five. That is a really great trend for us, especially when you combine it with fact that our existing prescriber base, those relationships seem to be deepening, and we are seeing a lot of incremental sales from them, as well. So two things, right. One, as we mentioned in the script about 15% of those doctors have seen a doubling to date of their number of shipments, as well as one of the examples Duane pointed out, literally one practice that would've done in the first six months of last year maybe four or five shipments has done I think it is 48 or 49 shipments through July. I guess we look at this in a broader way. I think it is hard to tell at any point in time how many people are probably in that denominator. But if you just think about the overall market,. And pump penetration two years ago was probably a low 20% range. Now we're probably in the upper 20%s and hopefully starting to push towards 30% penetration. I know some of you guys on the phone have done different surveys in the past and think the penetration can get into the 40% to 50% range. For us, when we look at that I can't see why people wouldn't come onto this product, especially this new version, the smaller, lighter pod. To me it's, again, not to borrow it, but it is the iPod versus an eight-track tape cassette. It's -- this is the new technology, this is something that I think is a game changer. From that, I certainly do think we are taking a disproportionate share of new pumpers. Again, the data so far, while not knowing exactly what percent that may be, the data is backing it up by just seeing how many new doctors and clinics we are bringing into prescribing the product, as well as the growth level of within the existing base. What we're seeing now that we're five months in, that fear of, well, there's just a little, to borrow the word, bolus of customers coming that are going to come through on the launch of the new pod, we are seeing the levels of growth sustained, right? That to me is, I think, a good point because we're sitting there saying, instead of being at, I don't know, five patients a month at a clinic, and we went up to 15 patients a month maybe for a couple of months, we're settling between 10 and 12. That is not a bad place for us to be in any of these places. Correct. I certainly think the last five months we've effectively been at this 50% quarter, 50% year-over-year rate. I am certainly hopeful that that's going to continue through the back half of 2013. Thanks, Duane. Consolidated revenue increased by 18% to $60.1 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared to $51 million in the second quarter of 2012. OmniPod revenue improve by nearly 25% as compared to Q2 2012. Revenue was positively impacted by higher than anticipated initial shipments which increased by more than 50% year-over-year and more than 40% sequentially from Q1. However, this was offset as expected by a decrease in reorder utilization as customers delayed orders in anticipation of the transition to the new OmniPod. We commenced conversion of the customer base in June and we believe that we are on track to have the base predominantly converted by the end of September. Some reorder disruption has continued into the third quarter as we work with customers to convert them to the new OmniPod. With the transition effectively complete we anticipate returning to normal utilization levels in the fourth quarter. Consolidated revenue for the first six months of 2013 was $117.4 million compared to $98.8 million for the first six months of 2012, an increase of approximately 19% year-over-year. Gross profit grew by 20% for the second quarter to $26.8 million as compared to gross profit of $22.3 million in the second quarter of last year. Gross margin increased slightly in the second quarter to 45% as production of the new OmniPod started to ramp. With a significant portion of our customer base expected to transition in the third quarter, we anticipate margins to remain relatively unchanged for Q3 and improve towards 50% in Q4. By early 2014, we believe that the new OmniPod will drive US gross margins in the low to mid 60s, translating to a consolidated gross margin north of 50%. Gross profit for the first six months of 2013 was $52 million, an increase of $9.4 million or 22% as compared to $42.6 million in the first six months of last year. We continue to gain significant leverage in the business through prudent management of our operating expenses. Operating expenses of $32.7 million in the second quarter were down slightly from the second quarter of 2012 although revenue increased by nearly 20%. Operating expenses increased by $1.3 million from the first quarter due to timing of spend on research and development activities, legal expenses and higher than planned stock-based compensation. Operating expenses should remain around $33 million per quarter for the back half of 2013. Operating expenses were $64 million for the first six months of both 2013 and 2012. Our operating loss for the quarter declined by 45% to $5.8 million as compared to $10.5 million in the second quarter of 2012. We were also profitable on an adjusted EBITDA basis for the third quarter in a row. Interest and other expenses, $4.6 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared to $3.9 million in the second quarter of 2012. Of the $4.6 million net interest and other expense this quarter, approximately $3.2 million was non-cash. In the quarter, we retired the remaining $15 million of our 5.375% convertible notes which matured in June. We paid consideration of approximately $2.3 million in cash and about 640,000 shares of common stock to retire the convertible debt. As part of the transaction we recorded a one-time non-cash charge of approximately $300,000 as a loss on extinguishment of debt and included it in interest and other expense. Net interest and other expense was $8.9 million for the first six months of 2013 compared to $7.7 million for the same period in 2012. Finally, we reported a net loss for the second quarter of 2013 of $10.5 million or $0.20 per share compared to net loss of $14.5 million or $0.30 per share for the second quarter of last year. Net loss for the first six months of 2013 was $21.2 million or $0.40 per share compared to $29.3 million or $0.61 per share for the first six months of 2012. We are pleased that for the first time in Company history we generated positive cash flow as our cash and cash equivalents balance increased to approximately $151 million as of June 30 compared to approximately $148 million as of March 31. As of June 30, we had approximately 54.3 million common shares outstanding. As Duane noted we remain excited about our prospects for the second half of 2013. Momentum for the new OmniPod has continued to accelerate as evidenced by the more than 50% growth in year-over-year shipments both here in the US and in Europe. The conversion of the base is in full swing and we expect that the majority of the transition to be complete by the end of September. As Duane mentioned, effective July 1 the CMS competitive bid program too effect for certain diabetes supplies such as blood glucose test strips. As a result Neighborhood Diabetes is no longer serving Medicare patients with these supplies. As we discussed last March this will reduce Neighborhood Diabetes revenue by approximately $5 million per quarter in Q3 and Q4. With these factors taken into consideration we have tightened our full-year 2013 revenue expectations to be in the range of $242 million to $252 million. For the third quarter we expect revenue of $60 million to $64 million as OmniPod growth offsets the Neighborhood decline. With that, let me turn the call back over to Duane. That's correct. It's starting to dissipate, but a lot of it is really driven around managed care cycles and really when we're able to reorder a customer. And in certain cases where a customer may have taken one box or a couple of boxes in the second quarter, it has disrupted the timing of their reorder cycle such that we can't get to them right away. Yes, Kim, that's absolutely correct. At this point basically everybody who reorders in the third quarter is moving to the new pod. For sure we'll have some stragglers in the fourth quarter and that's the predominantly and majority and all of those kinds of words. But basically everybody will be moved over by the end of September. We did continue to see some reorder disruption in July. It is a combination of a couple of things. One is, as demand has been extremely high, our ability to make sure that we are getting the product to that customer at the time of their reorder. We have seen a lot of customers who had been holding off for a few months all come in effectively in one fell swoop. And really we have to work through a lot of those managed care payers to make sure that we can get them in the right cycle. So in certain cases we have a customer who is ready but because of managed care requirements, we may have to delay that slightly and -- or change the quantity that we are providing them. Those are some of the disruptions at this point we are just continuing to work our way through. It will have some impact really here in the first half of this quarter, and then it should be over and we should be normalized as we look into September and beyond. Non-Neighborhood revenue, huh? (laughter). Again, I think it is pretty early days. What we've seen so far, as Duane pointed out little bit, there are some nuances and differences in start-up. From customers who are transitioning to the new pod, sometimes they think they have had a couple of failures that once we have spoken to them it is really just that change in training. And we work them through that and they are good to go. In Europe, the rate has been holding pretty consistent so far. Amy, again I'm not going to give -- we're not going to give a count number but certainly, hopefully, between the 50% year-over-year number and the 40% growth sequentially from Q1, you guys can go and do the math. Good question. One of the things that is very unique about this whole upgrade, obviously, is that we're effectively trying to do this for free. And so it has created some challenges around exactly trying to time the demand to when we are converting the patient or where we have them planned to convert. It's certainly -- we are certainly in the period right now where everybody wants to get there as fast as we can. Hopefully, we won't see any slippage in the transition. I think we're going to basically be done by the end of September.Well, I think Sprint and Clearwire both gone out of their way to say they hope to work with the cable industry with that plan. I don't know that they've signed their final agreement yet. And so not sure of all the details. We will learn as we go. But both parties have reached out to us very appropriately and very enthusiastically that they are hoping that this will be part of that competitive advantage that can make the relationship we have work. They have obviously addressed the fact that Clearwire has a satellite relationship. But apparently that doesn't go to products that they are talking about making. And it is an opportunity to have a new start. So I don't know what I don't know, and haven't really definitively done it. Potentially having an entrepreneurial company led by Craig McCaw helping, we saw that when we were an investor in Fleet Call and what he did for Nextel for a while. He understands the space and maybe there will be a way and they have certainly reached out and tried to say we think there is a partnership here that can make sense. But that is part of why you also want to own your own spectrum because things can change, and if it happened to go in the wrong direction, we are not left without options. So it is a conversation. Absolutely. We have also made in that litany of things -- we've gone from 20 billion of debt to give or take 30, 31 billion of debt. We recently did a $3 billion financing in August. I think it was August when we did it. We have been able access to capital market despite what has been going on. And one of the reasons, Jessica, that I am comfortable being criticized for being too conservative from time to time is that when the markets have a derailment like they are experiencing in the debt market, that it should not, we hope will not affect Comcast and will not affect you. And that even though at times that may look like a laggard in the long run that served us very well and given us the opportunity to buy stock this year. We bought I think a combined over the last three years about $8 billion or so of stock back and retired convertible debentures. And we will continue. We are trading -- I don't know, you've said 6 times in your report cash flow -- maybe it's 7 times cash flow. Today a dividend versus buyback I think we would rather do buybacks because of the valuations as we see them. If you believe your business model works -- and again, we believe our business model works. We've also we've got to pay for Insight, half of Insight, which is terrific. Their bank debt goes away when they sell it to us. We have to replace that with permanent financing. We bought a small investment with Fandango to again be part of that entertainment experience in the home. And we bought Rainbow's regional sports channels in Boston and San Francisco. And so we have done other things in addition to just using it. And so all of the free cash flow for Comcast the last three years, more than 100% of the free cash flow has gone into stock buybacks. And so I think that I don't see any reason to change that at this time and delighted that we have a business that this is the biggest question we keep getting asked is, what are you going to do with all that free cash flow. So as that free cash flow growth rate accelerates, which I think I am getting convinced that that is the other side of more competition is we won't be putting out quite as many things on the margins. Don't want that this model works and we're going to have to come back and keep talking about that question meeting after meeting; but there is no absolute limit. We've said 2.5 to 3 times leverage. And I think that has served us quite well here in this pretty tough credit market where many others aren't issuing. One more? No more. Thank you all very much. First point is wireless continues to grow in this country in ways that have nothing to do with video. I told you a story -- I will be very brief -- I went to an apple store and I went to buy one of their new nanos this weekend and the salesperson, rather than having to wait in line just gave me the product, pulled out of their back pocket a little gizmo, swiped my credit card and I left. It has nothing to do with our business but somebody got some wireless tips out of that transaction. So wireless is going to continue to become a bigger and bigger part of how we live our lives. And that may not be core to where we are at, but may have implications to it as a business. The portability is more important for us of your video content and any of your data and phone mobility. And so we are evaluating it. I wish I could sit here and give you a perfectly clean answer. I cannot. I don't think that we are going to go out and in the category want to go out and buy 100% of some big wireless company. I think I have said that before. So we are working real hard with other options. Our first option and our preferred option is to work with Sprint and to try to get that relationship right. I was just in a Sprint store, cold called it in Boston because I was there for other reasons. I walked in, the Pivot phone was in the window. I went in, I was wearing shorts and a golf shirt so I don't believe that the guy had any idea that I was there for any purpose. And I said how is that Pivot phone and the guy not missing a beat said it is Comcastic. That's the good news. The bad news I was the only guy in the store. On that particular day at that particular time. So we've got to create more enthusiasm around that, and I think we are working really hard to make that our preferred option. At the same time life is long and controlling your own spectrum and controlling your own destiny may have real value to this industry and at the same time it is a great investment. If you look at the numbers being talked about in 700 megahertz per spectrum and look at what we got away with and bought in the last auction, I think we have done extremely well for our shareholders both strategically and just as a buying beachfront real estate and so it is a work in progress. I think we have a good history of finding a way to make good decisions when we are confronted with new challenges. Right now it is not affecting business. Triple Play, you can keep saying Quadruple Play but right today we are very satisfied if we can go out and sell 6.5 million new products and 2.5 or 2.6 million new phones this year; that is about as much work as we can handle, period. And I think we are on track to do that. Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I feel like this is a kickoff of our big post Labor Day, coming back and talking with investors, talking about what is on people's minds, and I want to leave as much time for Q&A. But we have I think a presentation that tries to anticipate some of the -- there is our Safe Harbor disclosure -- okay. So as I have reflected and we have reflected on the second quarter, the events of the summer and the economy in general, let me begin with a question people have asked all the time which is are you happy with your growth rate? Are you concerned with competition, the economy? How is business, so on and so forth. And I think it gives us a chance -- we don't have any report, new results to report today. So you have to step back and ask yourself, okay, look at over a several year period. Over the next several years, can you convince ourselves and do you feel you're going to have a sustainable double-digit growth model? And that is our goal. And I can sit here today and tell you we feel very confident that we can do that. And we will try to take you through that. But it comes down to the fact that we have superior products with high-speed data, On Demand, high-definition, high-definition On Demand, faster Internet on the horizon with DOCSIS 3.0, value as part of this proposition with our commercial voice and a compelling Triple Play, as Jessica just said. And all of that taken together is driving a revenue per subscriber growth and driving new RGU subscriptions. Okay, I think historically it is a competitive advantage not to require every consumer to have a box on every TV set, both as a capital matter and as just a consumer. If you went and surveyed consumers many, many people would say I don't like that box. We try to make the boxes smaller. We now put cable cards in the boxes. So our plan A, and I think this is probably universally true for the industry, is not to require every customer on every set to have a box anytime soon. And the question is can you still have a robust analog product while satisfying the vast majority of your customers with an all-digital solution. So in 60% of our homes, Dennis, we are all-digital. And although that is what it means to have a digital box at least for that TV. Today we have call it, 85 analog channels. So if we need to, and I'm sure we will, we will migrate a few of the analog channels to digital and free up some of that 85 and maybe reduce it to 80. Maybe someday reduce it to 75. With enhanced compression, combined with switch digital video that may allow you to offer 50 more High Def products on the other side of that equation or whatever, 10 more, 20 more and offer many more High Def On Demand shows or speed up your Internet. Or whatever we need to do with that bandwidth. And so I think we are actually going to have the better picture quality for those that want the all-digital. That will be the majority; is already. And for those people in the third and fourth set something that I don't think a lot of people are factoring in on a digital transition -- raise your hand if you bought a new TV in the last two years -- that is almost the whole room. Raise your hand if you ever threw away a TV when you did it. Like 10 hands. TVs don't die. They go to the next room. And something that hasn't totally been thought through, I think, is what's going to happen to all those analog sets as they move to the bedroom and to the office and to the kitchen and to the den and to the bathroom and we go to four TVs per house. And so having an analog offering doesn't require a box, even if it is not the old analog that you want in your living room with every channel and you've upgraded digital in one or two sets; may be a competitive advantage for our industry. What we've worked out with the FCC rule that just took place is that we are going to take care of our customers for the broadcast signals. So some of that -- a lot of that capacity will go to the broadcast signals -- that won't require a box. We will be using techniques like switch digital for some of the new products we want to offer and possibly some of the broadcast products. And it will be a different solution in every little market. It will be just what's happening in one town may not be what's happening in another town. But I don't think we are uncomfortable with where this is getting to. I think it is actually going to present a marketing opportunity as people revisit what to do and how to solve their household problems. Because if you're not connected to your satellite customer and you're not connected to something, that TV is useless. That fourth TV. So we are focused on how to really jump on this and this was a big milestone to get past. And what didn't happen was a requirement that we carry all the multicast signals that broadcasters might want to offer, which would have been very disruptive."
