"We've really tried to manage to a net operating margin, and I mean we pass through our component cost reductions to our customers and have tried to keep margins relatively stable. We have used, any decline in gross margins have been largely offset by declines in our operating expenses, and again,we've talked earlier about what the competitive environment might be like, and it depends how stable it is. So I think we're planning on the net operating margins to be flat to slightly down for the quarter. We would also expect, by the way, to significantly outgrow the market again in the second quarter. It was 52% for eight-ways and 50% for one through four, but I believe that's in units. Don't think we've broken the revenue out . . . Revenue growth for notebooks was up 7% year-over-year and down 3% sequentially. Walter in terms of notebooks, our notebook business in units grew about 37%. It was a total of 29% of revenues in the first quarter, and we now rank number one in the US market for notebooks with close to 25% market share. Yeah, I think you can expect that we're going to continue with similar trends where enterprise would be growing the fastest, notebooks the second priority, and desktops being third. Well the unit growth rate has stayed up. The issue has been a really dramatic reduction in the cost of certain components, particularly flat-panel screens, and that has actually caused a continuing transition, and of course, on the margin, we'd rather sell the customer a notebook than a desktop. . . . categories, David. Sorry. Well, as far as operating margin, I think it's safe to say that in the first quarter we had very robust demand in servers and storage, and that helped us deliver margins that were slightly higher than we anticipated. Now your point is certainly a valid one, but I would emphasize that we are focused on profitability, as well as growth. That's right. Well, we're continuing on with that Steve in terms of what we would call beyond the box, where our services, DellWare, and all our non-tied, that all revenue grew at 40% plus on annual basis this year, and continues to have margins that are superior to the systems revenue. So we're continuing with that structure and direction. That's pretty much true around the globe as well. Services revenues hit about a little over 700 million in the quarter, 751,that's a $3 billion run rate. The services alone were up 48% year-on-year and are about 9% of total revenue. So I think we're still on a trajectory for services and beyond the box, which are margin-rich opportunities for us, as we highlighted in our analysts' meeting a month ago or two months ago, to have that business ramp and grow. With respect to the shares, we've spent $751 million buying back over $16 million shares, and I think on the server side of it, it just depends on how the total revenue comes out. We had a strong Q4, so our first quarter was actually down sequentially in terms of overall revenue, and yet the enterprise revenue was roughly flat. I think, if we're down on the lower end of your net 3 to 5 range, it wouldn't surprise me to have server revenue actually be up and have desktop revenue be down. I don't have that exact number in front of me, but yes, I mean that would come through again to reduce our tax expense, so we're not a taxpayer at this point in time. We're having a hard time hearing, if you could speak up a little bit. Sure, Gillian, I think as far as how this evolves, I think it's fairly difficult to predict because you have a number of competitors who obviously have different intentions and motivations and capabilities, but if you look at some of the more developed markets, I think it's interesting to note that at the point where Dell achieved, let's say, a tie for the number one place, our market share actually continued to rise at a very dramatic rate. So, I think, the real question is what are these other companies going to do when their cross structures are just unable to function in this environment. We believe that our business model is right for the times, and we're going to continue to refine it, but we don't have any way of knowing what our competitors are going to do, and there's really not much more to say about it. As far as the replacement cycle, it's certainly possible to push upgrades out, and certainly, we've seen a lot of that in this period of time. I'll tell you that when you talk to CIOs and when you talk to users, you can push it out for a while, but you can only push it out for so long, and certainly, as you get more and more new capabilities, the anticipation and the desire to drive an upgrade cycle inside companies becomes greater and greater. We've seen this in the past in certain industry sectors where there was turmoil and there wasn't buying and they wouldstop buying for a while, but then all of a sudden when the economic conditions improved in that industry they would buy a tremendous amount. Again, it's very hard to predict how this may play out by industry, but we see a lot of catalysts that would suggest that there is going to be a solid replacement cycle. And quite frankly, again in any scenario, I think, you're going to see us grow much faster than the market. Thank you Jim. I'd like to spend a few minutes covering three important topics we believe are critical to your understanding of our strategy. First, I'd like to reiterate where Dell is focused. While thereare many facets to Dell's achieving success in each area, the list is short and simple. One, we're focused on winning in the higher end represented by enterprise products, services, and notebooks. These are the high growth, high profit opportunities where we must be successful in order to yield a healthy return for shareholders. We will maintain our intensity and focus here, and we fully intend to drive continued success. Two, we are focused on expanding our business outside the United States in the largest and most profitable geographic and product markets. While we have a 23% market share in 42% of the global market, we have just 6% in the other 58%, and we've only just scratched the surface of the worlds' potential. Our operating results, our record profits, and our confidence in our team in Europe, put Dell in a position to deliver similar multiple to the market growth rates, high-end product penetration, and more consistent levels of profitability. Outside Europe, we continue to make steady consistent progress in Asia and Japan and build additional capabilities, such as our relatively new operations in China, Brazil, and India. And three, we have our most intense focus on maintaining and even enhancing our structural competitive advantage. While our competitors scramble to deal with the realities of the inefficiencies of their business models, we are more focused then ever on increasing the efficiency of ours. Consider two views on gross margins and operating expenses. Our operating expenses, as a percent of sales, are already less than 60% of our major competitors. As the economy has slowed, many market watchers have complained the industry has a pricing problem. We take a different view. The industry doesn't have a pricing problem; it has an operating expense problem. While our competitors are trying to find ways to maintain gross margins,we're making the tough decisions required to lower operating expenses further. Now only time will tell which strategy is right, but in our view, unless our competitors find a way to cut more than 40% of our operating expenses, they will continue to have a serious problem. Also, consider two views of inventory velocity. For years now, we've had a hands down advantage in maintaining the lowest inventory levels in our industry. Operating cash flow, faster component cost declines, and faster time to market, are all benefits of lower inventory. Though we haven't rested on this advantage, we've improved upon it, and we've taken inventory days down sequentially in both the fourth quarter and the first quarter. Our closest competitor has roughly 10 times the level of inventory we do. This inventory disparity can easily create a 5%-10% cost advantage for Dell, and we're extremely focused on further refining our model and widening the gap. These are just a couple of examples of the focus we have on continuing to drive efficiencies of our model. The second topic I'd like to address is our view on the computer systems market and our opportunities. We believe the lack of demand currently seen in our industry is a result of multiple factors including the Y2K replacement cycle, dramatic falloff in the demand from dotcom and telecom companies, as well as a slowdown in the US economy. In spite of this, spending on computing power has been a tremendous enabler of productivity over the past decade, and catalysts for driving demand for ever-increasing power are starting to appear and becoming clear on the horizon. Pentium 4, Windows 2000 and XP, Office XP, broadband capabilities, wireless LANs and WANs, equipment replacement cycles, massive Internet and intranet build outs, contentcreation, and the storage demand this brings will continue to offer the promise of robust future spending. While we see some of these demand factors having an impact in the latter part of this year, such as Windows XP and SDRAM based Pentium 4 systems, the replacement cycle, which peaked in the second quarter of 1999, is perhaps the most meaningful. As we progress towards the second quarter of 2002, we would anticipate stronger demand for the industry. We are, however, confident that no matter what the market demand environment is we will use our model advantages to grow faster and more profitably than any other company in our space, and we will emerge a stronger company, better positioned than ever. Lastly, I'd like to address our strategy of aggressive share gain over the past two quarters. While the strategy is clear to us and has resulted in Dell increasing the percent of industry profits we represent, we realize that some of you have questions of why it makes sense for Dell in this environment. The answer is twofold. First, our opportunity to profitably consolidate share quickly has never been better. Owing to our advantage model, our competitors are not able to compete with our value proposition in the market, and we're winning customers faster than at any other time in our history. In the first quarter alone, we gained more global share than in the preceding six quarters combined. And, second, share gain is a strong [_______________] for future growth. Once we win share in the marketplace, we retain these customers by providing them with the best customer experience available in the industry. This means providing leading edge solutions that are customized to meet their specific needs, leveraging our own model to consistently offer them the best price performance proposition and backing it all up with outstanding sales, service, and support throughout the lifetime of our relationship with them. Time after time we've proven that even when we win an accountprimarily on price, we retain that account based on customer satisfaction and loyalty. They simply prefer doing business with Dell. Outside customer satisfaction ratings that consistently rate Dell at the top and the market evidence supporting customer preference for Dell is undisputable. Take a look at IDC's estimates of market share in the United States large corporate market. Over the last 5 years, Dell has gained between 22 and 24 share points in every product category. Five years ago, 1 in 10 corporate desktops sold was a Dell, now it's 1 in 3; 1 in every 20 notebooks was a Dell, now it's also 1 in 3; and 1 in 100 servers was a Dell, now it's 1 in 4. We've averaged over four points of share gain every year, and we've never lost share in any product category. The competition has not fared as well. During the same timeframe, competitors 2 through 5, combined, gained only 0.6% share. Our closest competitor, Compaq, gained only 0.3% share and ended with 21%, compared to Dell's 34% share. HP gained 1.8% share, IBM lost 0.3%, and Gateway lost 1.2% during the same 5-year period. Dell is the fastest growing computer systems company anyway you slice it, profits, revenue, or units, and we know that our share gains have provided the future fuel for our success. We intend to keep customers today, just as we've kept the 34% of the US corporate market we acquired up through the fourth quarter, by continuing to provide the best price performance, quality, and customer satisfaction advantages our customers have become accustomed to over the past17 years. Now we'd like to open it up for questions. Well, we had talked about revenue being down perhaps 3%-5%, so it depends again on what happens from a cost and pricing standpoint. If revenues were to be down on the lower end of that range, in terms of down 5%, and if margin did trend down somewhat, you could have a reduction in EPS. If we're in the higher end of the range, you'd have better numbers, which is why again that we gave a range of EPS. No, I think on an absolute dollar basis, you'd have to look at operating expenses coming down. We had announcedanother personnel action where we're reducing our workforce by 3000-4000 people, and that's happening during this quarter, but you'll see some of that impact coming through this quarter in terms of reduced operating expenses, so I had indicated that they'll be coming down. We're not really giving out that number as a percent of revenue, but I can assure you that it will come down as a percent of revenue and an absolute dollars this quarter. Andy, our strategy is to profitably gain market share and that's what makes us happy. Next question? Yeah, as far as the replacement cycle, we don't think that it all happens in the second quarter of 2002, I should clarify that. I think if you go back to late '98 and early '99, what you see is that the peak was in the second quarter of '99, but the quarters oneither side of it were both pretty strong also. So I think this is a gradual process, and certainly, key events like the Brookdale chipset with Pentium 4 and the Office XP, Windows XP release, will be catalysts for increasing demand and growing demand throughout that period. Jim, you may want to address the question on... Well, if you take the overall market, Dell grew 27% in units in the first quarter. The overall market, if you exclude Dell from it, was actually down. So I don't know what the overall market's going to do. I believe, we're going to continue to grow, and I expect that the factors I mentioned will increasingly affect a more positive industry demand scenario. Now based on everything we know now, it's quite possible that Dell could be the largest beneficiary. In fact, I would expect that we will be the largest beneficiary of any increases in demand, should they occur. And regarding the win rate, we haven't updated you onthose numbers for a while. They've been in the 60%-70% for probably the last year, and in as much as there is a lot more acquisition business coming out right now, and has been for the last quarter or two than there is really run rate business, our win rate is as high as it's ever been. So we're still in the 60%-70% win rate on all of the corporate acquisition business. I'm assuming you're talking about sequential growth off of Q4. We're not really forecasting that for Q2 now. Desktops, our number were 5% year-on-year, 12% sequential; notebooks 7% year-on-year, -3% sequential, excuse me, -12% as well; and enterprise 17% up year-on-year, -1% sequential.We have really not seen a kind of a lightening up across the board on competitiveness within any of those categories. Again, like we said before, we've seen continued aggressive behavior across all products with our competitors, Q1 and Q4 and continuing. Okay, I'd just like to make a few closing remarks. First of all, I want to emphasize three important points for you totake away. First, we've gained tremendous momentum in the market over the past two quarters and our goal is to continue this momentum by bringing the best solutions to our customers at the lowest cost. Second, our current strategy is on track to deliver this goal profitably, despite the current economic downturn we have. And third, we believe there are significant catalysts on the horizon that will unable us to swiftly capitalize on the tremendous market share gains we've already made and will continue to make going forward. If you fundamentally believe infrastructure and systems spending will occur, and you understand our ability to continuously build share through our advantage business model, you will conclude our strategy is on track. When the buying cycle comes back, our share gains will deliver tremendous growth and profit opportunities for Dell and for our shareholders. Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you in the future. And enterprise along with notebooks are roughly 50% of revenue. Based on our competitive position, it would be dangerous to assume that an overall increase in industry demand would benefit all parties equally. Yes. We use 28.5% this quarter, and would continue to look at it from quarter to quarter with the improvements that we've had in income outside the United States. We brought it down from where, it was 30% last year, and we brought it down in this quarter to 28.5, and for now, that's where we're modeling the next quarter at.And we gained share in the commercial segment. I think we've been pretty consistent here for several quarters and we're not changing our approach. You're right that there is a focus in terms of compensation plans on gross margins and on mix, particularly to drive, a mix shift further into servers, storage and services, which we saw kind of throughout the year. Even if you look in the fourth quarter, with a heavier consumer component, typically we had a healthy mix of those higher margin products. Yes, well, the second quarter, our quarter ends at the end of July. Our demand was pretty healthy. We had a couple hundred million more in revenue than most of the Street was expecting. Our unit growth was nicely faster than the industry. And even on top of that, we probably overstimulated demand in certain product categories and didn't shift all the product that we could have shift, had we had enough supply. So, I think there are certainly areas where we're seeing conservatism. We've talked about the US and the SMB sector. We've seen, for many, many years, a fast response from small-business customers in the US. They follow the stock market. If the stock market goes down, don't buy. If the stock market goes up, buy -- I'm not talking about computers. And that's a trend that's been there for quite some time. So, for us, it's about mix driving more into the enterprise, driving the services portfolio. In consumer, we're growing very fast and we're in a restart of that business, building products that will deliver a healthy profitability in that business; not there yet, but there's definitely some conservatism, but there's also some areas of surprising strength. Well, on the VAR channel, we've actually seen pretty good partnership on services, and they tend to take a richer mix of products with enterprise products. So, on an operating income basis, that's a healthy business for us. On retail, that's a different story. And really, lots going on, on the product side, to engineer products that allow us to improve the overall portfolio of profitability of consumer. Well, I think in response to all these questions we have been giving you the fourth-quarter guidance and I'm not going to give you anything other than the fourth-quarter guidance. There are things we can do. We think there are things we can do in terms of direct distribution to the store level because of our fulfillment model. Certainly, we're paying close attention to all the issues that you suggest because that's part of how you make a profit in that side of the business. It's also important that at least for the next couple of years, we're in a dialog with these retailers where they have an enormous desire to have us be in their store. And I think the -- there's quite a cooperative dialog so far with these partners. So, I'm encouraged. And certainly, we've got some capabilities, some systems to build to make sure we execute this well. So -- but again, if you kind of step back and look at the overall retail or consumer -- not the retail, but the overall consumer business for Dell, it's not a business that's been contributing to our bottom line and we believe it can in the future. Yes, and as we mentioned earlier, we first look to our own execution. We see opportunities to improve there, but we tend to be closer to the action in terms of customer spending. I could tell you from my own interactions with larger customers we are seeing kind of delay and pause in spending activity, but the pipelines are healthy and we are very focused on bringing that business to closure. I mean on notebooks, Steve, you asked about that. Notebook units were up 38%. This was a 13th consecutive quarter where notebooks grew more than 25%. We think we have a very strong product line here and a strong advantage. And we just introduced new 14-inch XPS product, the XPS M170 continues to win pretty much every time it goes into a competition it comes out with an award. So we have got a very, very strong product line. We're gearing up for a whole new generation of latitudes starting early next year. So this is obviously where we're investing heavily on the client side because we see a lot of growth here and the -- margins -- operating margins here are very healthy. And notebooks were good in the UK, too, they go 40%. Okay. Thank you, operator. We are certainly I think making progress on our transformational activities and accelerating our operating agenda and cost initiatives. As we demonstrated in the first quarter, we've got strong cash flow and I believe Dell has a great set of assets. We see significant opportunities to expand our business. While we do all this, we remain very committed to balancing liquidity, profitability and growth. Thank you for your time today. We'll talk to all of you again soon. Yes, I mean, as we have said, we're going to have a bit of a -- disciplined and we will be patient in that approach to thinking about M&A, but we are also going to make organic investments in the business. And as we have done over the last several quarters, we will continue with a relatively modest buyback program as well. So pretty disciplined with that approach right now. If you look at the United States on a calendar year basis, we absolutely gained share in our core business and especially true in consumer. If you look at it on the financial quarter, we grew faster than our principal competitor in both the United States and Americas international. If I look at kind of three major regions of the world, we are seeing I would say decent growth in the United States and very robust growth outside the United States. And I would not be surprised if the US is our slowest growing region certainly for the next couple of quarters, given what we see going on in the economy, and we're certainly attacking it in the other regions. But it is important to note that we actually gained share in the stronghold we have here in the United States. I think the bigger discussions have been around industry capacity. So we have sat down with the leading companies in the supply chain and saying, okay, here is what we think we're going to need in the next six quarters, ten quarters. And let's talk about capacity investments. Because I think a number of these folks didn't have the capacity. And as we look at our business and expected demand, there is investments that are viewed. And we are starting to see those go in. We were able to get, I would say, pretty good response on the upside requests that we had, because we didn't anticipate the demand would be as strong as it was. So that is a pretty good characterization of it. I mean, either it drops to the bottom line or it goes into investment that we believe drops to the bottom line later in the form of more dollars. We're seeing some very encouraging things. We have had a great reception from channel partners and retailers. If you take, for example, our business in China, we believe China is going to become the largest retail market in the world for PCs. We, at the end of the first quarter, had about 1800 stores stores selling Dell products in China and the growth rate in units for the consumer business in China was about 140%. We expect we'll have about 3,500 stores by the end of the second quarter selling our products in China, so we are on an absolute rapid expansion in what we think is going to be the fastest-growing country in the world, and the kind of acceptance of our brand inside those partners is very strong. I think we'll know we're there when we get there. I don't think we're there at this stage. We are changing a great number of things. And while we have a great conviction and sense about the directional results, I would tell you that our ability to predict them within the precision of a quarter and a few pennies, we're just not there yet. So we're carefully tracking our ability to get -- to not only get these results, but get our results to be more predictable. And when we feel we're at a stage that we're there, we may decide to provide some additional guidance. We also may not. You'll just have to wait and see. And that's a risk that you'll have to take. What I will tell you is that we are absolutely managing the Company to make the Company quite a bit more valuable. We see enormous opportunity here, and I think you can sense that not only in the actions that we have taken in buying back our own stock, but in the conviction of the management team as a group. Let me thank you all for coming today. We believe that our stock is a great investment, and we've been buying it back ourselves. The growth in our company is resurging. We believe we have this $3 billion opportunity to drive cost out. We think there are giant opportunities in these five core initiatives. We also believe that we have a differentiated strategy. And I hope you got a sense, a better sense, for a lot of the work that's going on, perhaps that you weren't exposed to, yesterday and today. I believe that this team is focused, realistic, and executing on the priorities. I think we're seeing some early signs of progress, but realistically, we're just getting started. And I think the upside for investors is going to materialize over the next several years. Thank you for joining us. We hope to see you again soon. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. And we are agnostic so long as we are providing good value for our customers; that's what we care about. I think we were surprised at how rapidly that business came back in the latter part of last year. And I think we have been pleasantly surprised at how strong it has stayed. You sort of take this on a week-by-week basis, but there is a lot of refresh and a lot of spending that we are seeing. And it is fair to say that the signs are quite encouraging in the day-to-day orders that we see from that business. So I would say there is clearly some end of year effect in that business as customers had confidence that their budget wasn't going to change as they got to the end of the year. They said, hey, what do we want to spend, and what do we want to spend that on. It was infrastructure; it was servers; it was storage. And we captured quite a bit of that. But I think the budgets are in place for this year, and they have a lot of Client refresh in them. They have a lot of server virtualization. They have a lot of storage virtualization. And we are well-positioned to go capture that. I think customers are spending with a lot more conviction at this point in the year than they were certainly at this time last year. What type of performance? I think there is another trend that is going on also. You talked about where we are in the cycle. I think certainly the virtualization wave is still well in bloom, and there is a lot of that activity. But we are also seeing a continued migration of what I would call networking-related activities moving into the server domain. You see this in a couple of forms. One is the specialized networking companies moving onto an x86 platform that is relevant because of Dell's OEM business with those companies. But, at the same time, you see those companies creating a virtual version of their application, which is easily put into a large complex Dell servers in the form of one of our large blades or other architectures. So we think the server space is going to continue to be one of rapid growth. Yes, one of the things we're working with the Board on is implementing a portion of the executive compensation and bonus plans for the Company to be tied to our cash flow performance. We're methodically adding what we believe are the best and strongest retailers in the world. There are a number of retailers who are pretty upset with us right now because we haven't offered our products through them, but I think it's fair to say that the number of potential outlets is, a couple of multiples greater than the current number. I think you will see us continue to ramp this up. I mean going from zero to 1 million units in a couple of quarters is pretty darned fast. You will see continual set of announcements that expand the range of partners. I also point out that if you look pretty closely at this, you will see that most of our progress to date in terms of sales, sales out, has been concentrated in the United States. And so we have announced agreements with essentially all the leading retailers in Europe, and those are beginning to take hold and beginning to come to fruition. There are many additional ones that we are working on expanding and are in the pipeline. So a lot more to do. Every one of these deals, particularly with the big retailers around the world, involve very explicit negotiations. We want to get the terms and conditions right. So do they. We don't want to end up doing a whole lot of deals that we regret. We want them to be the right deals at the right time, and I think we have got a pretty good balance in focusing on the ones we think that can pay off the biggest for us the fastest. And I don't just mean that within the US. If you look at the profile of what we have done in Europe and Asia, we really have laid in place a very good first pass at coverage here. So I think we feel pretty good about it. Thank you, Larry. You know, over the past two years, Dell and Oracle together have made significant inroads in driving better value in the enterprise data center by replacing proprietary hardware to standards-based platforms, like the ones from Dell, running Linux or Windows and Oracle. And about a year ago, we discussed how the data center using the scale-out approach that Larry mentioned, is standardizing, and has reached an inflection point. And we think this whole trend towards standards-based hardware is irreversible. And now we are extending this into the small and medium business market. So we have entered into an exclusive arrangement here with Oracle to make this very easy for our customers. The installation, we think, takes about 15 minutes if you do it yourself. Of course, you can buy it directly from Dell installed in the factory. It's a global agreement; and it leverages the world-class database and Dell's leadership in the small and medium business market and in the volume server market, to make these technologies more affordable, more available to many more customers. So we are quite excited about this. If you go to Dell.com/Oracle, you can get an overview of our partnership and the products and services that we are offering together. We think this is going to help expand our business in the high-end enterprise server market, and again, extend that into the small and medium business customers, where we are seeing a lot of growth in the economy. So with that, I think we are going to now turn it over, and I will be glad to entertain some of your questions for either the Oracle team or the Dell team here. And we gained share in the commercial segment. The opportunities that we have found, we believe, fit more in the category of -- these are things that we probably should have done a few years ago. So we're into looking at the types of materials and wall thicknesses, and what features do we have, and which products, and are customers really valuing those? So let me give you an example that maybe some of you can relate to. If you have a Dell Latitude computer, or a Dell XPS, and you turn it over, you'll see on the battery there's a little button that you can press, and it tells you how charged up your battery is. And if you're buying kind of a higher-end notebook, or a business -- higher-end consumer or higher-end business notebook, that's kind of a nice feature to have, so you don't have to actually plug your computer in to see how charged up the battery is. But when you get into the more entry price points, that's not an expected feature, and that's not a feature people will pay money for. We've had that feature on all of our notebooks. So we're taking that out where customers don't value it. We found a number of examples where if you go back and remember that chart I showed, where we have the significant majority of our volume in the large and government space, we had a lot of features and specifications that appealed to those users that we cascaded into our entire product line. And so as we take those out, there's a significant amount of cost goodness that goes into that as well. Clearly, there are manufacturing transformation opportunities as well. And as we speed the process of bringing new products to market, that also brings us cost savings. As there are new enhancements -- so, for example, we are working with suppliers on new processes that use less material, use material more efficiently -- we expect our competitors are doing those, too. We're not counting that in the 3 billion that we've identified. I think it might be a little too early to try to speculate on those questions. Certainly McAfee is a company we work with closely and don't really have any thoughts for you at this stage. I would like to understand it a little more, and we will get back to you at the appropriate time. You know, we're -- this is Michael. We're engaged with a number of customers on the services side, helping them deal with tablets from a security standpoint, manageability standpoint, and clearly that's a near-term opportunity for us. We see the ecosystems coming together, probably taking a little longer than we would've liked, but as that comes together, there will be some nice opportunities there. Anecdotally, I think what we're seeing is that you can't really find a lot of companies that are going to have three devices for all of their users. Yet, the tablet, in almost all the instances we've found, is a third device. So, it's not exactly clear how many units are going to be sold. I think it will be a lot of units. Gartner says there will be 2 billion PCs in 2014. I think there have been 10 million or so tablets sold in the last six months. So, to put it in perspective, we're very focused on creating the solutions, and as the ecosystems come together, having a very strong offering that kind of intersects with when this is relevant, when there are applications, when security is in place and real deployments are occurring, but I'm not seeing this replacing either the smartphone or the PC in large numbers of organizations. Thanks, Brian. It's been a great year. There's a lot to celebrate from FY 2011 and I'm very pleased with our full-year results and the strong performance we're seeing in our commercial businesses. Yes, server units grew at about the rate of the industry. I believe it was up 10% year-over-year. We have seen some pretty interesting trends in the first quarter. It looks like our server growth is going to be quite a bit higher in the first quarter. Okay? Shannon Cross. Thanks. I'm not sure we have that today. What I can tell you is we have about 13,000 retail partners. We added about 2,000 during the first quarter. Costco here in the United States, [Suning] who is the number two electronics retailer in China and a variety of others in China as well, we added Best Buy in Canada. Don't have additional information for you. Sure. Well, we're doing a lot at Dell these days. Our business has embraced a kind of transformation agenda that really first looks at the core business. And we know we have opportunities to improve the productivity, the efficiency of the core business. And we're driving that with a focus on improving our operating cost, our competitiveness, our COGS, driving services attach inside the core business. And then we've got these five big initiatives that we're driven across the Company -- enterprise, notebooks, consumer, SMB and emerging countries. In each of those areas, we have been growing kind of faster than the industry. If you look at where has Dell had strength in its business globally, and where have others had strength, we're maintaining or holding share in the areas where we're strong, and we've been gaining share in the areas where others are strong. So, if I look at last nine months, we've been growing power unit volumes in the kind of high teens, 19%, 20%, which is roughly 50% faster than the rest of the industry. We've made some -- essentially completed the reduction in headcount that we talked about earlier; we'll finish that this quarter. And there's still a lot more to do -- in COGS; we clearly have some challenges in margin in the second quarter in EMEA. But -- so, so far this year, our earnings per share are up about 3% in the first half versus the first half of last year. Yes, one of the things we're working with the Board on is implementing a portion of the executive compensation and bonus plans for the Company to be tied to our cash flow performance. I don't have that information in front of me. I would bet that it's higher than the percentage of Linux that we sell in general on servers. And just back to your question, the 22,000 was at Oracle -- I think about a year ago, was about 15,000. So we have seen it basically double from about a year ago. No. I think the new products would take it the other way. That sounds good. I don't have a particular rule that I'm ready to give you today about that. I think your mileage could vary dramatically depending on the type of solution, but certainly we have a broad set of capabilities across services, security, software, Enterprise, all manner of client devices, and so we are able to bring a much fuller suite of solutions and capture a much larger share of the opportunity. Well, if you look at the business over the last several quarters, the operating margins have been relatively stable in SMB. And our intent is to manage the operating margins at a healthy level, even as we're growing the business. So I think we're pretty optimistic about the portfolio there. And particularly the shift in that business. We continue to introduce new products that are really well suited for small medium business that have increasing margins. It's a balance t but I wouldn't necessarily look for margins to go down there. But yes, particularly strong in China. I mean, I think if I look at the situation in the second quarter, I think we'd have to say it was more self-inflicted. The mix has been improving. And I think within the EMC relationship we have been moving it more toward the real value add products, less of that pass through products. So that is definitely putting some pressure on the topline, but it is improving the margins there. And I think putting us in the kinds of business that we really want to be in. But the operating margins, the margin dollars in storage are definitely improving. And we've got a significant platform there. I think we have added about 15,000 new EqualLogic customers since the acquisition. And we are adding about 2,000 a quarter. So this is a platform that is very, very strong. We are integrating a lot of new partners. For example, I think if you look closely, you'll see a lot of work going on with Brocade and many others, as this kind of becomes a real platform. I think, at our upcoming analyst meeting that we are having, I think you'll hear us talk a bit about capital allocation and give a more long-term view of that so investors have a more predictable sense for this. But I think investors can also think of me as I am an operator, I am an owner, and I'm just interested in having the shares appreciate as any other investor. So I think we are thinking deeply about capital allocation, so I would just stay tuned for that, but clearly it's a measure of confidence as the Company's execution improves and our outlook improves. I think it's been increasing. I mean, either it drops to the bottom line or it goes into investment that we believe drops to the bottom line later in the form of more dollars. I wouldn't be holding my breath for a large acquisition. Well, great. I'm sure we'll see you next year. What I would also tell you is that we are constantly in discussions with our shareholders and very attuned to the concerns and issues that shareholders have. Since our last shareholders meeting our stock has appreciated 1.8% in a tough market where the market indices have been down about 14%. So thank you all for joining us today. We have a bit of a video we'd like to share with you before we completely close the meeting so why don't we roll the video which will give you some thoughts about the regeneration which is a movement that Dell is leading we believe to empower people who are committed to saving the planet. So please consider joining the movement at regeneration.org. You heard it right, yes I still don't like it and it's quite frustrating to have this. But, I believe it's a problem that we know how to solve. We wouldn't want to signal acquisitions before they occurred. Generally not a good strategy. But certainly, as Brian said, we'll continue to be acquisitive, and there are certainly capabilities that we'll want to add to our portfolio. You'll be able to calculate it yourself when we announce the pricing. Yes, on the second part, definitely. In terms of OpEx, we are making strategic investments and adding resources on the commercial side of the business, on product development as we've taken out G&A and other OpEx costs in the business. So, realigning the cost structure and focusing it more on the new products and commercial capability in the field is clearly a big part of what we're doing. I think we've said that, we're, in the midst of a review of our -- of our, manufacturing capacity and we've talked about, using additional contract manufacturers as one alternative for us, but haven't made any decisions that are -- are ready to go yet. So we're continuing to look at it. It is biased towards the enterprise portfolio. So services, solutions, storage, servers are definitely -- a lot of virtualization type projects -- are going on. A lot of mission-critical activity going on in those accounts. But we are starting to see more client activity than we have in quite some time. There is definitely a bias in all of these accounts toward value, and they are looking for Dell to bring best value solutions. I think it's a fairly unique time because the age of the installed base is as great as it's ever been, and there wasn't really a catalyst or series of catalysts to upgrade, and now we believe there is. And we are seeing significant projects and conviction among customers. What I'd also tell you is that there is a real shift toward more of a data center-based client model. In the various forms, whether it's client virtualization. So, there is a shift in where that spend is going to more server storage with our PowerEdge, EqualLogic platforms. So far, the dynamic that Brian described, I think you're going to see that play out here a bit where we have decreased operating income from growth in the client business, but that obviously pressures gross margins somewhat. So that's -- operating income growth is kind of what we're focused on here. I do think you'll see the server and storage businesses continue to grow faster. Services as well. Right. If you go back six months or so ago, as the industry growth was starting to pick up, we actually had quite conservative forecasts for our demand. And that turned out to be incorrect. As you saw in our second quarter, even for the revenue we shipped, our demand was more than most people had anticipated and the backlog was quite a bit higher than historically. We have opened up the supply line in a pretty big way. I've personally been engaged with a very high percentage of the supply base over the last, call it six to eight weeks in improving the commitments and capacity for Dell through kind of September, October, November, December, January so that we dramatically increase the supply line so that we can not only drive this backlog down to more acceptable levels, but then deal with this reigniting of the growth, which we think can be pretty substantial as we go out in time here. More importantly, we've spent a lot of time on getting much more rigor in our longer term forecast a couple of quarters out so that we can accurately signal to the supply base what our needs are. And the capacity is put in place for the long lead time items. You also have to say, as much as this is a challenge in the near term in terms of disappointing customers with long lead times or missing expected delivery dates, it's generally a better problem to have than having too much supply and not enough demand. No, thanks. Was it $400 million or $450 million? Well, if you're talking relative to the industry, I mean, our commercial units were up 20%, which all the data from IBC would suggest that that's faster than the industry growth in commercial. The biggest difference relative to the industry is that we have a really, really small consumer business. Consumer is growing quite fast in Europe and we're not participating in it. We chose to prioritize Asia and the United States. Thank you, Marc. Okay. Take care. No, Tony, I wouldn't read it that way. I think we felt the need to have a platform in services and we think this is the best one. Certainly, you know, we are looking for more things like EqualLogic, which build on a strong IP and allow us to extend the significant customer reach we have into deeper IP participation. So I wouldn't see it as a change in strategy. Yes. Sequentially, notebook ASP's are down. I'm not sure where you got the fact that they weren't. I think there's been some understanding of the number of units that are likely to pull, it's a relatively small percentage, maybe in the 1% to 2% range of total PC units through the middle of next year. Certainly with our business being more focused on commercial centered around the Windows 7 transition which is still very much underway, feeling very good about the portfolio we have with OptiPlex, Latitude, Precision, the XPS product line is in good shape. We are ready for Windows 8 CEO@dell.com This is Michael. The Enterprise demand obviously in the second quarter was solid. We think the 12th generation PowerEdge refresh continues to be strong, we're well-positioned there. And increasingly we are changing the sale to be a complete data center sale. So we feel good about that. We think the addition of Windows server 2012 is going to be an additional catalyst in the second half of the year. And feeling good about our portfolio there. I think there were selected areas where we were probably more aggressive than we should have been. It will be cash flow positive. As we reshaped the business here with these changes that we have been talking about, clearly our intent is to grow cash flow considerably over time. But, as Don said, there can be changes in the individual lines as we change the nature of our business, fundamentally adding more intellectual property into our business -- growing in some areas where we haven't been as present that are also fast-growing parts of the overall industry. Yes, I think what we're seeing is the replacement cycle actually accelerate a bit on servers. And the reason is that the gains in processor and the combination effect of what's going on in I/O and Solid State, Flash, the 10 gig, Romley, this is all allowing for much more intense virtualization loads. So we're super excited about our 12g server launch which is coming in the first quarter. Obviously virtualization is a big deal, we're simplifying systems management, really going after the bigger work loads and accelerating the movement of work from many computer and mainframe environments on to our 12g platforms. We also believe that Romley will help us more tightly drive a synergy with our recent Force10 acquisition. And so we've done a lot with Flash, with Solid State inside 12g, stay tuned for the announcements. But we're very excited and believe it's going to be another strong year for server storage and networking. Remember we're kind of changing the whole sail from being an individual product to effectively selling the entire data center. Not at all. In fact we do integration with our own IP as well as with partner IP today. And you can actually -- I mean I think what's really key to us is that we can in fact bring a vertically integrated solution from Dell to our customers in small, medium and large customer spaces and we can preserve the choice that our customers want to make at every one of the layers. And I think that is a unique capability that we intend to preserve because we think it's what drives the best value for them. I think if you look at it from a portfolio standpoint, we have our lowest share in the fastest-growing part of the opportunity. And so there could be some moving around in various parts of the industry. But there is a lot of upside for us in the places that are growing the fastest. The pricing impact in Europe was really -- a lot of it, frankly, was in the notebook business and on the client side of the business. That's the major driver, obviously other than this increase in EMEA service revenue deferral. Those would be the two major drivers. Well, the shift is a big focus, particularly as we organize the new commercial businesses in terms of the large enterprise, public and SMB. We've created a number of new offerings, new capabilities will be created organically, some with partnerships and acquisitions as well. We continue to make, small acquisitions and we'll certainly look for additional ones. Well, I think, with the magnitude of growth that we're seeing, I think you'll see OpEx dollars ultimately growing and scaling with the business, once we get it to the right level. Well, I will talk a little bit what has happened in our European business. I'Il let Jim give you an overview on the impact of currency. We're pleased with the European business. It is growing faster than the U.S. which is what we would like. Very healthy growth and it's coming at very good and improving profitability. I think Jim mentioned 26% year-on-year growth on units and 19% in revenue and operating income dollars up 50%. It's really been highlighted by the growth in servers, and we're number two there and it's growing very nicely. And we have now gained number one position within the U.K which is a key market for us there. And we continue to grow and take market share in France and our German business is still strong. But we're extremely pleased with the way our European business is performing and believe that it is now on track to continue to execute as the U.S. business has done for quite a while and that's just a matter of time of gaining share and moving up the ranking there. Okay. Well I think we've been pretty clear that we think open wins and we think it's really important to make sure that choice is preserved for our customers. We have built a strategy around what we call open, capable and affordable. That means that we preserve customers' choice, we innovate at every layer of the stack and we drive for total cost of ownership as the key metric that our customers care about. Now when we talk about open, it's very clear that our customers can benefit from how each of those layers gets integrated together. And so we are offering solutions that have servers, have storage, have network capability bundled together and can be sold as a unit to a customer and that unit can be bought in increments of say 50 virtual machines or 100 virtual machines or whatever the case might be, scaled quite nicely with a customer's business. And so frankly with Dell, you can get it integrated and you can continue to preserve your choice at every layer and we think that option and that flexibility is one of the critical things we do better than any of the competition. There's plenty to worry about. I mean, I think there's certainly some worries about Europe these days, and how the currency -- that's clearly something that we're thinking about a bit. Certainly, we're in the midst of a transformation. And we're very focused on how are we doing in that and what's our progress and are people coming along in that and kind of making the journey successfully, and what's our progress in absolute terms but also in relative terms compared to other market participants. And I'd say those are the main ones. We've met our synergy expectations around that in the first year of the integration. So all the areas mentioned, and Brian just mentioned, are areas where we are hiring and will hire to go invest in growth. Yes, I mean, corporate is definitely better than government, no big surprise there. Government hasn't been as let's say challenged as some might have expected. I think with Windows 8, obviously there's great excitement particularly in the corporate space for us and the addition of both capacitive touch capability, integrating that in with the software and the ARM processor, pretty excited about Windows 8 and the effect that'll have on demand first with consumer but then flowing pretty rapidly there's a pretty strong appetite for a Windows tablet in Enterprise with the security and compatibility that customers kind of expect. On the server side, we've been experimenting with ARM now for I'd say it's more than a year. The challenge is really in the software stack. It's maturing, there's the lamp stack which is the obvious place to start. Competition isn't standing still there, and more competition there is certainly a good thing. And there's some interesting opportunities emerging, but I think X86 still has an enormous lead in that space. Well, that's always a subject of debate in terms of do you put the new OS on the old hardware? I think the difference now is the size of the installed base of old hardware has never been greater. And again, you are talking about a change from an 8-year-old operating system, so it's a significant changeover in terms of capability. We just see a lot of old machines out there that are going to be replaced. Certainly, some people will put Windows 7 on the installed base. Generally, the larger customers don't like to touch a machine once they put it out there. It's just more expensive for them to just leave it in place and do a rolling upgrade. Well we hope they continue to take that approach to not understanding what we are doing. Point out that this is roughly a $20 billion business and growing pretty nicely. If you look at x86 servers, which are really the core of that business for us, we have achieved leading share in North America and we were the only Company among the top three to grow in every region of the world in that space. We are really innovating in the Enterprise without having to protect a legacy of mid-range and mainframe products and we believe that is a highly differentiated approach. And the combination of what we are doing in Networking, Storage, and the ability to combine those and manage those, I believe is resonating very well with our customers. So you saw last quarter's Servers and Networking grew 11% year-over-year. In particularly, a lot of success with our 12th generation PowerEdge, which is the crown jewel of portfolio. We have beat our competitors to market and in the highest volume category, we have really outdone our competitors here in terms of the capability of those products. So for example, we have a product right in the core of this product line that has 63% more storage capacity than our principal competitors. So you think about applications like Hadoop, Big Data or SharePoint, Exchange, all the growth in hosting activity and cloud activity that is going on with things like OpenStack, Dell is incredibly well-positioned to serve those customers. In fact, our DCS server business grew 126% year-over-year, which is markedly faster than overall markets. So I think we are very well-positioned in the Enterprise and our Services portfolio is very well aligned to help customers transition from those legacy architectures to x86. Thanks. Thank you very much, John. That's amazing technology. Now truly efficient data centers require more than just new technology. They also require innovative thinking. And this year we've had the opportunity to deploy millions of servers literally for companies of all sizes. And in doing that we've learned quite a bit. Here's an example of a model 5,000 square foot data center over three and a half years and by combining aggressive virtualization with accelerated hardware refresh, the results are a 30% reduction in energy usage, total cost savings of $3.5 million and a 28% decrease in the server management labor costs. These are pretty significant savings. Now anther example here is what we call the rolling retrofit. And this is where you take your data center and you segment it into four equal parts and every nine months you replace one of those parts. This allows you to double the data centers total performance per kilowatt, adds three years to the data centers life so now you don't have to go build a new data center, cuts the power consumption by 20% replacing legacy environments in new virtualized ones, and the combination of this plus aggressive virtualization will reduce the costs of this data center by over 50% by 2012. Now assuming that the processing requirements in this data center grow by 50% a year, this data center can sustain its compute load for seven to ten years or more. All within the original power constraints. Now we've had a lot of customers come to us and say, hey, I need to build a new data center, will you help me. And we've said, hey, before you go do that, take a look at this. This is a great way to avoid building a new data center and we can help you do this as well. So our customers are seeing incredible performance as a result of this new thinking and if you think about our industry, you sort of got three kind of pillars of the industry. You've got hardware and you've got software, and you've got -- well, maybe here it's no software, and then it's IT services. Well, let's talk about hardware first. I've sort of been hardware guy historically. You know, Dell was one of the companies, maybe the company that really drove the price of hardware down and made computers a lot more affordable and that was one of the big opportunities that I saw when I started the company almost 25 years ago. Now, Marc came along with some great ideas that have really changed the way we do things like CRM forever. And now Marc has been talking a lot about how he's going to take that further with the Force.com platform. It's easier, it's faster, it's better, it's borderline genius. Never going to go back to the old way. Well, we think there's another opportunity and it's this IT services opportunity. And we think that's the next big opportunity and what Salesforce.com did with SAS, Dell is going to do for services and for IT. So to tell you a little bit more about this, I'm very pleased to introduce Steve Schuckenbrock who is Dell's CIO and also our President of Dell Services. He's going to come up and tell you a little bit about some of the interesting things we're working on then I'll be right back. And we're at 25 now. You have to remember too that with us not having a calendar year end we actually try to get all the product out we can before Christmas. Then our facilities are actually shut down for several days between Christmas and New Year's. We're reporting the data that gets shipped. We come out into January and we're really busy. So January's a much bigger month than October is. And I've actually said this before on some of these calls, you have to be very careful with extrapolating the calendar unit data to our fiscal quarter because our January month is a lot bigger than our October month. Here's a way to think about it. When you got your smart phone, did you get rid of your PC? Okay. So let me thank you all for joining the call today. We have the financial strength, unique customer relationships, and we have a very strong brand. We're aggressively improving our competitiveness and our execution while delivering solid profitability and maintaining a very strong balance sheet. We're very focused on providing disruptively great value to customers while shifting our portfolio to higher margin products and services. Thanks again for joining our call. We look forward to talking with you again soon. I will address the services question. I think on -- one of the things that we are seeing is an increased win rate in a number of parts of the business, as our solutions capability, both real and perceived, has substantially increased here. So in terms of building that internationally, we do have some footprint and capability that can be leveraged, but there is a lot to do here both organically and inorganically to extend the platform. Some of these services can be delivered in a remote fashion; some can be delivered as SKUs that are attached to products, which is a great engine for us. And it is where you see this deferred services balance continue to grow, and that is quite healthy margins for us. We have also integrated our own IT organization into Dell Services, and that gives us a global platform of capability that we are going to extend rapidly out to customers. So as we look at Brazil and China, India, there are significant opportunities to take those Dell Services capabilities and extend them globally. And in 845, we plan to be very aggressive. In fact, we'll be the first to include with that gigabit on the motherboard and combining with gigabit on the motherboard we have a whole new generation of power connect gigabit switches so we can offer our customers a complete gigabit solution. In fact, many customers skipped over the prior generation and have been waiting for this one, and so we think these product announcements that are coming out next week will be quite exciting. And on a gross margin basis, I think almost two-thirds of our gross margin now comes from server storage network services software peripherals. So from that standpoint, the epicenter of the Company has really shifted in terms of profitability to these other areas and away from the PC which is now only about a third of the Company's margin. On smart phones and tablets, we were very pleased to introduce the new Venue and Venue Pro which are Android and Windows Mobile 7 based 4.1 inch products. You'll see us enter the 10-inch tablet space with both Android, Honeycomb and Windows later on this year. And we think those will be reasonable platforms for us to participate more broadly in this space. We have also rolled out services for mobility because we see many customers really looking to integrate these mobility solutions into their environments and that is a source of demand inside our services unit and we're very focused on helping customers address those needs. It is on track for Microsoft launch, yes. Well, I think that's the refresh cycle, and obviously Q4 is a seasonal period where there's a lot of consumer notebook purchases. If you go to the reconciliations that are at the end of the press release, that have been also included in the tables associated with the webdeck, it is all in there in that walk from GAAP to non-GAAP. So I believe it is $71 million related to COGS, and $15 million related to OpEx. Yes, I think it is a very good question, and I think there is, as I called out in my comments and in the answer to the first question, I think there is some -- we are watching the consumer demand. And, as you look at our historical fourth-quarter performance, it would typically be driven by a pretty dramatic increase in the consumer business around the holidays. I think that is the biggest question we have right now as we look at the second half of the year how that might play out. So I would hesitate to call that. I would suggest that if we saw typical seasonality, we would see a sequential pickup driven by consumer, and your conclusion is probably right. But again I little bit of hesitancy just given what we have just recently seen with consumer demand. So we will continue to watch that. I think we're focused on the Windows market primarily for those products. I don't think there is a plan to support the Macintosh environment at this time. I don't hazard a guess on that. To put it in perspective, if you go back a couple years ago, the Services backlog was $5 billion, $5.5 billion. Now it's $15.5 billion. We've really changed the business pretty substantially. We've got 14% of our revenue in Services. It's growing nicely. We've changed the conversation with our customers and made a lot of progress towards this solution focus that we've been telling you about. Well, I will talk a little bit what has happened in our European business. I'Il let Jim give you an overview on the impact of currency. We're pleased with the European business. It is growing faster than the U.S. which is what we would like. Very healthy growth and it's coming at very good and improving profitability. I think Jim mentioned 26% year-on-year growth on units and 19% in revenue and operating income dollars up 50%. It's really been highlighted by the growth in servers, and we're number two there and it's growing very nicely. And we have now gained number one position within the U.K which is a key market for us there. And we continue to grow and take market share in France and our German business is still strong. But we're extremely pleased with the way our European business is performing and believe that it is now on track to continue to execute as the U.S. business has done for quite a while and that's just a matter of time of gaining share and moving up the ranking there. Yes, one of the services that Kevin mentioned and we've actually been piloting this in -- in a sort of a beta mode now for a couple of months is the service called Tech Connect. And it's part of a Dell on-call service that we're offering to consumers. And essentially when a user has issues with their machine, a lot of soft errors, spyware, those kinds of things, they can, on the internet, go to Dell.com/remote and they download a small piece of software. When they call us or they're on-line with us they're given a special code that they enter in and it allows with the customer's permission our technical teams to go on that customer's computer and basically fix the problems every step of the way asking the customer for their permission. And we found enormous satisfaction with this tool. Much faster speed to resolution and we think it has great applicability for a number of the -- of the let's say challenged users out there who -- who we can help solve these problems more quickly. We've introduced quite a number of notebooks so far this year. We have certainly much more to go. I think you will see a very active back-to-school season for Dell in notebooks, and we'll also be bringing out the Latitude E Series. Latitude is the best-selling line of commercial notebooks in the developed world and we have our best ever notebooks that -- best ever line of notebooks we ever produced, so very excited about those. You know there is no question that the portfolio of the business is shifting somewhat. As we mentioned, the profitability in the business is increasing in a significant way. And again, we are managing our business to grow our operating profits in dollars. Operating margin and gross margin percentages are going up, and there will be shifts inside the revenue mix as we index into more profitable solutions. It's a pretty competitive market. We have seen great growth in SMB. Obviously we have a strong channel there. There's obviously some rebalancing as we position Compellent more to the higher end but the whole thing as you said, 33% growth year over year is strong. We're at 93% of our revenue now is our own IP, so we're pretty much through the transition and believe we can grow this business quite nicely. But it is a competitive environment. Obviously having a full portfolio of server, storage, networking, services and increasingly software is very helpful in many of the opportunities that we find. We don't tend to disclose profits on a specific product-by-product basis, but certainly we are quite encouraged and see these as attractive products for us. And if you stay tuned over the next few weeks I think you'll see the announcements for the individual products roll out. But as I said earlier, we think these would be profitable, quite solid new products for us. It's not really the epicenter of the profit engine of the Company. Well, the ones that have embraced it seem to love it. There's no inventory for them. They've got Dell product in the store that they can demonstrate. This is not a category that retailers tend to make an enormous amount of profit on. They have it for traffic in the store. And so there are lots of different retailers out there. And there are certainly some that are quite interested in this and -- it's in a pilot base, but you'll see a few of those popping up and good question for us in about six months. We are going to be obviously targeting inside our business. We are segmented by customer type. So we will go after using our existing marketing channels. And there are obviously lots of business applications that customers will align with SE1. And Oracle has got their 11i E-Business suite. You've got financial applications from Great Plains and Lawson and J.D. Edwards. You've got all sorts of document management systems. You have got retail systems, financial services, supply chain. So we also have professional services available to help customers who want to install these. There are Web developer tools that are built into SE1. So there is a lot going on here in terms of helping customers deploy this into specific areas of conversant business. If you look at the United States on a calendar year basis, we absolutely gained share in our core business and especially true in consumer. If you look at it on the financial quarter, we grew faster than our principal competitor in both the United States and Americas international. If I look at kind of three major regions of the world, we are seeing I would say decent growth in the United States and very robust growth outside the United States. And I would not be surprised if the US is our slowest growing region certainly for the next couple of quarters, given what we see going on in the economy, and we're certainly attacking it in the other regions. But it is important to note that we actually gained share in the stronghold we have here in the United States. Yes, you asked about the acquisitions. The acquisitions are integrated into the business and owned by the business leaders that are responsible for those areas. So if you take the EqualLogic acquisition, for example, this is part of Brad Anderson's server and storage business. And so I think you can look to our performance in the enterprise and specifically in servers and storage over the next several quarters and several years and see how is that business doing. Now, of course, we would have a bit more detailed information about that than you would because we are providing it at kind of an aggregate basis. Yes, on the dual core, we're going to start shipping single socket dual core servers here pretty quickly. Those will be the high volume kind. Then dual socket, dual core shortly thereafter. The higher end dual core systems I think will be pretty small volume. We are planning to deliver products along those lines. We don't see huge traction in terms of unit volume in the -- on the AMD front, and we're particularly excited about the transition to 65 nanometers. We think that for now that's the right partner of choice for the semiconductor microprocessor technology. On blades, Steve, our blade product was launched last November, has been getting widespread customer acceptance and it continues to progress along. We had over 250% growth in blade shipments in the first quarter. Blades are taking off for us in a pretty big way. We didn't tell you what it was and you will have to wait until we announce it. Just like Christmas. But Santa is coming. I think you will see us continue to ramp this up. I mean going from zero to 1 million units in a couple of quarters is pretty darned fast. You will see continual set of announcements that expand the range of partners. I also point out that if you look pretty closely at this, you will see that most of our progress to date in terms of sales, sales out, has been concentrated in the United States. And so we have announced agreements with essentially all the leading retailers in Europe, and those are beginning to take hold and beginning to come to fruition. There are many additional ones that we are working on expanding and are in the pipeline. So a lot more to do. Every one of these deals, particularly with the big retailers around the world, involve very explicit negotiations. We want to get the terms and conditions right. So do they. We don't want to end up doing a whole lot of deals that we regret. We want them to be the right deals at the right time, and I think we have got a pretty good balance in focusing on the ones we think that can pay off the biggest for us the fastest. And I don't just mean that within the US. If you look at the profile of what we have done in Europe and Asia, we really have laid in place a very good first pass at coverage here. So I think we feel pretty good about it. Yes, the processors as was mentioned is a significant one. And I think we have in systematically adding products in a way that is going to provide significant benefit there in our cost. We are also undergoing a kind of full re-examination of all of our procurement and supply chain practices to look for new opportunities. The process that we've had for the last several years has generally worked quite well. Although we've reached a share point and a critical mass where we are seeing some new things. I am not quite ready to talk about it yet. But we are exploring all sorts of ways to accelerate new releases in cost improvement. I think you'll see us do that selectively in some countries. The way you ought to think about this is, if we have a direct-to-the-customer model that is reasonably established, for us to sell to direct-to-the-VAR is actually really easy. But if we don't have a direct-to-the-customer established, it's kind of what you said. But actually, if you look at our share in small business in the major markets in the world, it's pretty high; where we don't have share is some of the newly emerging countries. It's not nearly as high as the commercial share is, the large commercial and government share. But we're reasonably well represented in small/medium business. So if you take Western Europe, as an example, there you've got a lot of VARs who can work directly with us, and our infrastructure is set up for that. From a P&L standpoint, that's going to be a better outcome for us. Sure. Software obviously is playing an increasingly important role in the industry. We've made a number of acquisitions around software and systems management with KACE and cloud integration with Boomi and infrastructure virtualization and orchestration with Scalent, and I think you'll see others as well fitting within very similar framework that we've used in the past. John Swainson is joining the Company to lead this group for us and we see a lot of opportunity in close adjacencies. We've had a lot of success with a number of the acquisitions that have been software related and believe there's significant opportunity for us to build a big business here. Don't really have any revenue projections for you at this stage but clearly, it's a significant opportunity for us and we're thrilled to have John joining the Dell team. Yes, I think the reason you see our operating income up 22% and our revenues down is we did not participate in some business, which was dilutive to the Company. We didn't really have any late products. I think the going-forward answer is really a combination of better pricing, execution, and we believe improving costs footprints on new products. And if you've been reading the news in the last few days, you know we're deep into product introduction season. We're introducing a large, large number of new products last week, this week, and you'll see that continue. Well, so I think certainly the client growth has been stronger than was anticipated. And the client -- the commercial client growth had the characteristic of having a lower operating margin rate but still quite attractive operating margin dollars, certainly on a life cycle basis, because a significant percentage of that business comes with deferred services revenue that is quite profitable and is recognized ratably over a three year period. But, 98% of it is in future periods, right? So, it's recognized over time. Joel, I think as we've talked before, the consumer is the only place we were really trying to govern the model here to make sure we landed with profitability. We talked earlier about on the margin we probably would have preferred a bit more growth in the Asia. We think we now probably could have got it. You didn't know. When things are going through the quarter you run these things pretty close. We would have preferred a little bit more growth in the non-consumer U.S. business and we think we could have got it on the margin that's why we're still feeling very bullish about the growth prospects. Probably could have cranked it a little bit more there. It doesn't make sense to crank it the last week because you just give up massive amounts of profitability, but had we done it a little earlier in the quarter in hindsight now, probably would have been good to erase what I'm sensing is a concern on the growth rate. We're not feeling that same concern because we know how the quarter panned out and are trying to guide the Company as large as it is, effectively through the entire quarter, but there may be a little put or take here and there on the overall growth as we drive through and never miss our profitability. Absolutely. Telcos bundling with 3G with broadband is a big part of our strategy. Yeah, I think there's generally a continued movement towards -- towards mobile products, absolutely; and as more of the desk tops have gone to flat panel displays, you know, there's -- they're essentially price parity there. So, you know, it almost encourages customers to go with a mobile product and as 802.11 continues to proliferate, there's more incentive to go wireless. I didn't stay in college long enough to get many grades. But, anyway --. Thank you, Brian, and welcome. In April I laid out long-term goals to drive shareholder value including unit growth at a premium to the industry, executing on our $3 billion cost opportunity, delivering sustained EPS growth, and executing on our five core initiatives and also growing our retail and channel for scale and profit. We grew significantly faster than the industry on a worldwide basis, and this was despite a more conservative commercial IT spending environment in the United States. We targeted 3 billion in annualized cost savings and have started to make progress, and we're beginning to see positive results in our performance as cost savings begin to flow through the P&L during this quarter. Let me go into a bit more detail. First we grew faster than the industry worldwide in all major product categories and regions. It has been three years since we had accomplished this. Worldwide, we grew units 22% while the industry was up 14%. Looking at our major regions, we grew 11% in the United States while the industry was essentially flat. In APJ we grew over 42% while the industry was up just 14% and in EMEA we grew 28% while the market was up 19%. This marks the first time in two years that we've outgrown the industry in all major regions. On the product side, notebooks, we grew 43% while the industry was up 36%, and in servers we outgrew all major competitors with a 21% increase in units while the industry grew 7%. In desktops we were up 9% while the industry contracted in the quarter, and in storage our growth in revenues accelerated to 15%. On the cost side we have identified in our aggressively targeting COGS and OpEx savings, and I continue to lead meetings every two weeks for each focused area. We have detailed road maps, targeted savings, actions, executive ownership with accountabilities, and specific time lines for the capturing of savings. In the first quarter we made progress against our initial goal of reducing head count by 8,900. Year-over-year we reduced our head count before the impact of acquisitions by 7,000 which includes 3,700 just during this past quarter. In our first quarter we recognized 106 million in severance and facilities related expenses and we'll see more benefits as we fully move throughout the year. We also made adjustments to our compensation plans, including evaluating and aligning our long-term incentive plans, cash and equity to current market conditions. Our total operating expenses were down 7% sequentially and while we still have much to do, I am encouraged by the progress we made. I believe you will see additional productivity improvements in the form of OpEx scaling and some additional head count reductions even as we invest significantly in growth areas. Turning to products, we grew faster than the industry in every worldwide product category. In the enterprise which is a core initiative for us, we had particularly strong results. In January we launched nine new servers including the M600 and M605 two socket blades, and the M 1000E blade enclosure, the R805 and R905 virtualization optimized servers. In addition, we're a leader in disruptive solutions for the [clout], powering about half of the fastest growing Chinese internet companies and the largest portal and largest search engine providers in China. These launches, combined with our existing leading edge server lineup, help us grow more than 8% -- percentage points faster than the industry and gain 1.5 share points worldwide. In storage we grew revenues by 15% and based on our own estimates we again took share worldwide in Q1 with the launch of the Dell EqualLogic PS 5000 IPSAN and our Dell EMC AX4 and 5ISANs we extended our position as the number one worldwide provider of [iSCSI SAN] solutions. Finally, our emerging country initiative had strong results. Recall that we define emerging countries as BRIC plus 10 and the combined 14 countries grew units at 62% and revenue accelerated to 47% led by strong share gains in Brazil, India and China. During the quarter we also launched the Dell 500 notebook which was specifically designed for emerging countries. We're now shipping this in China and India, and we'll launch additional countries as well as we catch up with a phenomenal demand that we're seeing for this product. We also launched our Partner Direct program in Europe and APJ this quarter, and since we launched the program in the United States in the fourth quarter, we have added over 3500 new global partners, and our channel business is now on a $12 billion run rate. While I am encouraged with our progress, we still have much work to do to restore our competitive position. Over time I am confident that our broad long-term goals which, include our growth initiatives, will drive growth in revenue, earnings, cash, and ultimately shareholder value. Let me turn it back over to Lynn. Don't have any predictions for you on that. Well, first of all, I think, the way we're running the business is around operating income and cash flow and, in this kind of demand environment, really the focus should be around solutions and things that differentiate the product and, the traction that we're having with customers is in -- I'm talking about virtualization and managed services and those kind of things, not -- not kind of trying to drive price message. Mike, do you want to address that? Well, look, I think we got a great business. I think we can make it even greater. And I think the reason that the gross margins in that business have been expanding is because we have an increasingly differentiated portfolio of solutions. And our intent is to only drive that more and further, so the kinds of areas you're highlighting are the sorts of things that we would be focused on. Just also add to some of the prior questions, some of the shifts that are going on in the industry are obviously moving workloads into the data center and we're benefiting from that as well. So as you see more virtual, insert your adjective here, or down here, in terms of the client, the network, the security, the storage et cetera, those are all driving the Enterprise growth for us, so we're going to really make what is a great business today an even larger, more successful business. And we gained share in the commercial segment. I think it will be very similar to what you've seen us do in the recent history here where we are looking for relatively smaller sized ingredient acquisitions where we can leverage them with our substantial customer access and distribution. Yes, and the results clearly point to that. I mean, if you look at the Enterprise Solutions and Services in SMB were up 17%. It was led by Services which were up 23% in SMB, and we are bolstering the kind of offerings that those customers will latch on to quickly. In backup, replication, network security with the SonicWALL acquisition, so we are feeling confident in our ability to expand that part of the Business. The pricing impact in Europe was really -- a lot of it, frankly, was in the notebook business and on the client side of the business. That's the major driver, obviously other than this increase in EMEA service revenue deferral. Those would be the two major drivers. We are extending it and -- so, for example, some of the more recent things that we're doing involve application packaging and application migration. So, we bought a company last year that, small company that basically has a set of tools and processes that we can put through our network. So, as customers are planning system migrations, we now have an application packaging migration capability to assist with that. When you get into the enterprise and the data center, it's power and cooling, it's backup and recovery, it's virtualization, it's exchange migration, high performance computing, Oracle database, cluster design, those kind of things. And I think there's a real opportunity to take a lot of the expense that goes into maintaining IT, driving that into the product, making our product a whole lot more valuable and changing the equation for customers at the same time, making it quite a bit easier. So, they can effectively deploy a simple standard environment all over the world in a very cost effective way. And that's very different from what our competitors are preaching in the commercial space. I would just add to that. Pretty consistently for the last two years, we've been very focused on operating income results, cash earnings performance, and regardless of the environment that we found ourselves in, and it has been a fairly varied environment over the last six or seven quarters, we've fairly consistently delivered -- in fact, I would say consistently delivered on our operating income commitments. That's really the focus of the Company, and I think that if you look at the ability to balance the different factors, whether it was a very difficult component-cost environment, say, a year or so ago, to a more favorable component and cost environment now, then layering in the investments that we've made, the sales force, the specialists, there's been a lot of work that's been done here, and we've done that all with an eye towards operating-income dollar growth, and frankly, it's been pretty consistent. So that's really what we want to get you guys to focus on, and we need to have the flexibility to manage the business on a quarter-by-quarter basis and drive that balance that we're seeking to achieve. You don't put them in the house. We think it is a multi-year opportunity. We're taking all the right steps for this to be a substantial value creating part of our business. Yeah, profit share is really what we're -- we're going after on notebooks. That sounds good. I don't have a particular rule that I'm ready to give you today about that. I think your mileage could vary dramatically depending on the type of solution, but certainly we have a broad set of capabilities across services, security, software, Enterprise, all manner of client devices, and so we are able to bring a much fuller suite of solutions and capture a much larger share of the opportunity. Well, Andy, it feels great to be No. 2. You know, I think, first of all, we've always been No. 1 in profitability and we're still No. 1 in profitability, I think, by a wide margin. In fact, we may be the only competitor in the small computer systems industry that's profitable. But if you - if you think back to our history here, our priority has always been lead in customer loyalty, lead in profitability, and then market share and revenues come. And I'm actually quite confident that we will, once again, lead in share of revenue, but certainly share of profit where we have a commanding lead is a priority. Gary, I don't think we are actually announcing how many songs we have available on the site, but again, I think if you talk to any of the labels, I think what you'll find is that within a very short period of time, the labels will want to be on as many music stores as they possibly can. Yes, I think -- we think cash will be better than net income for the year. Yes, Ben. I would say, again, we have $3.4 billion of cash flow the last four quarters; I would expect some improvement in the second half of the year. The cash conversion cycle dropped by about a day in the quarter. And most of the impact in the quarter was really linearity around sales; we had a relatively back-end loaded second quarter in terms of shipments. So we hope to get some of that back. We are -- we're kicking off internally a regular working capital counsel that will be focused on driving the key levers there for cash flow in the second half of the year. And again, one of the things we're going to do as well is changing the comp metrics for the Company to include a cash-based metrics in 2010. So, cash is a big focus and we'll continue to work to improve it. Well, I think we're very focused on margin expansion through all the mix shift and the initiatives we've talked about. At the same time, we're not going to let the cost -- opportunity we've identified in G&A go unchecked. We'll actually hire a lot more salespeople. We're hiring a lot of salespeople, particularly sales specialists in storage and in data center, virtualization. Going to hire a lot more salespeople. Thank you everyone for joining us today. While we had -- we gained share in the key markets worldwide, and achieved record market share of 19.3% this quarter, we're not satisfied with our performance, and we will do better. We're focused on dramatic improvements in customer service and support. We announced today that we are expanding our investments in this area, and we are seeing solid progress. Lastly, we're focused on improving our cost position and product leadership. Our announcements today are another step in that direction, and increase our belief that we will exit this year with the most technically advanced pipeline in our history. Kevin, Jim, and I are confident that we're making the right long-term decisions for our customers and our shareholders. And we look forward to seeing all of you and talking more about this at our upcoming September analyst meeting. Thank you. And Keith, whether it is in infrastructure, cloud security, or Apps and BPO, the team at Dell Services is really focused on next-gen services solutions. Fill in the Blank, as a service, is an example. And so as a result of that, they are continuing to fine-tune the model to make sure that they have got the right cost structure in place and the right people and tools and technologies in place. And so they are very comfortable with where they are positioned right now and I feel very comparable with their pipeline. They're just doing something that they feel are the right -- absolutely the right strategy on a go-forward basis. And it is showing up in the P&L, not necessarily at the revenue line right now. I'm not sure I can quantify that for you, except to say that we are very focused on continuing to have a higher mix of our own intellectual property and driving higher value solutions. We have more to do here, but we have made some nice progress. Our guide is going to be improving our overall profitability. I think there is more opportunity here as we look ahead into next year. I think the pricing environment has been pretty straight forward. I wouldn't say there has been dramatically different pricing environment. If anything, we might have tried some things in pricing that we wish we hadn't done, but I would say pricing is has been pretty typical. I think it's pretty interesting. Whenever a new device comes along, it's always kind of fun to get one and play around and kind of see what's it all about. My view is that these devices are really good for content consumption, and they are not so much content creation devices. And they also appear to be devices that create a whole new usage pattern and a whole new demand for data, which is a good thing. And they don't necessarily replace any existing device, per se. Could you, on occasion, use this device instead of another device? Yes, but generally speaking, the tablet form factor looks to me like a whole other device and a whole other purchase pattern. Yeah, go. We are clearly making some significant changes. So, you referenced manufacturing. I mean, there are absolutely tens of thousands of new people at Dell involved in services and solutions, and somewhat a corresponding kind of key members who are no longer part of Dell. In some cases, we have sold off or transferred facilities as the business has really shifted. And those are not transitions that happened as quickly as you'd like them to happen. But, we're getting through those and kind of -- if you look at the first quarter, we had 29% growth in operating income. I think this is a Company that can grow its operating income in dollars pretty substantially. And that's absolutely our intent. If you look at the United States on a calendar year basis, we absolutely gained share in our core business and especially true in consumer. If you look at it on the financial quarter, we grew faster than our principal competitor in both the United States and Americas international. If I look at kind of three major regions of the world, we are seeing I would say decent growth in the United States and very robust growth outside the United States. And I would not be surprised if the US is our slowest growing region certainly for the next couple of quarters, given what we see going on in the economy, and we're certainly attacking it in the other regions. But it is important to note that we actually gained share in the stronghold we have here in the United States. Well, it would be clearer -- I'm referring to pricing changes and kind of, let's say, overly aggressive pricing. I think that's something that we can fix rather rapidly. As far as what's the improvement going to be quarter-to-quarter -- not going to give you a forecast. The pricing impact in Europe was really -- a lot of it, frankly, was in the notebook business and on the client side of the business. That's the major driver, obviously other than this increase in EMEA service revenue deferral. Those would be the two major drivers. You know, I would just go back to the long-term framework that we have given you around operating margins of 7% plus. When we look at all the things we are doing around COGS and operating expenses and shifting of portfolio here, we think that is a good long-term framework to think about, but it will occur with a portfolio of businesses. If you look at our revenue growth, it's been pretty consistently - it's actually been double digits every quarter for the last five quarters, except for the second quarter where it was 9%. So, within 20, 16, 11, 9, 13. With respect to units, we talked earlier about, in the client business, how we are prioritizing profit share over unit share. I would say in servers, this is even more true. And, I would tell you that the unit measurements are almost to the point of being irrelevant. And, the reason is that there are many different types of servers. There are $500 servers, there are $5,000 servers, there are $50,000 servers. And if you want to sell a lot of units, you sell a lot of $500 servers, that's not the way you grow profits and earnings. That's not what we're focused on. We're focused on, how do we capture the value which are the higher revenue, higher margin, more intense work loads. Well, we don't really have an acquisition strategy as much as we have a growth strategy. So, when we look at our business and say, well, there's some things we want to do to improve the state of the core business. That's really the first priority of the Company. Then, there's some things we want to do to reignite the growth of the Company. And then, there's a series of things we want to do to expand into new areas and build new businesses. As we look at each of those three things, there are lots of ways to do that. Some of those may be organic. Some of those may be with partnerships. Some of those may be with acquisitions. I suspect acquisitions would be relatively small and complement those kind of growth areas that we're targeting where we didn't believe we could get there fast enough organically or we didn't think there was a partnership that made a lot of sense. We also have a large and significant balance sheet. We think a lot of that capital can be redeployed to share repurchase. But, we certainly have capital available for other acquisitions if we find the right opportunities. Well, if you're talking relative to the industry, I mean, our commercial units were up 20%, which all the data from IBC would suggest that that's faster than the industry growth in commercial. The biggest difference relative to the industry is that we have a really, really small consumer business. Consumer is growing quite fast in Europe and we're not participating in it. We chose to prioritize Asia and the United States. See, I think the broader point here is that we have an improving product line execution, and that's -- that, along with the change in our approach to our customers where we've changed the conversation to be more solutions-based, is really opening up a new set of opportunities for us, and I think that's what's contributing to the strong growth in earnings that you're seeing. Yes, you asked about the acquisitions. The acquisitions are integrated into the business and owned by the business leaders that are responsible for those areas. So if you take the EqualLogic acquisition, for example, this is part of Brad Anderson's server and storage business. And so I think you can look to our performance in the enterprise and specifically in servers and storage over the next several quarters and several years and see how is that business doing. Now, of course, we would have a bit more detailed information about that than you would because we are providing it at kind of an aggregate basis. We were chasing the demand. And I think we are feeling like we are starting to get out in front of it. But I will tell you the demand has continued to be strong. I would say we are at the early phases of this. We have Staples, Wal-Mart, Sam's Club in the U.S. In Europe we have Carphone Warehouse and Carrefour in EPG. We have GOME in China, the largest consumer electronics retailer. Courts in Singapore. [Highmark] in Korea. Bic Camera and Softmap in Japan. And in Latin America, we have again Wal-Mart and Sam's. I think you could expect to see a number of additional ones in the biggest countries in the world. So far it has gone quite well, and the partners have embraced us in a strong way. As an example of this, if you were a Staples customer or you live in a region where Staples is over the Thanksgiving holiday and you got their circular that they were sending out, the entire front cover of the circular was Dell products -- Dell printers, Dell ink, Dell toner, Dell desktops, Dell notebooks. There were no other products represented on the front cover of the Staples catalog. We work to find a kind of win-win with these partners where there is a significant commitment by the partners to drive a considerable portion of the share of their sales of these kind of products. So we are pleased with the way it started. We are -- I think it is fair to characterize our reception by the retail trade as very, very positive. We have been going out in a careful, measured way. Because, as all of you would anticipate, there are some processes and some infrastructure issues that are different for Dell. And as we accommodate those, we don't want to mess up any of these relationships, so we're going at it fairly methodically. Yes, it was. You got to imagine if you just harvest existing customers that runs out after a while. So we have a balance, as we look at both retention customers and acquisition customers and then customers we're developing their share of their wallet. We do that in a balanced fashion so it never gets too far out of whack. For tablets, it's just as I said. It's Android, Honeycomb and Windows and we have customers that have a preference for either one. It's very easy for us to create platforms that share a great deal of hardware commonality that can run both, either operating system. And we are presently not considering any other options, don't really see any other viable options that are worthy of consideration. We don't have inventory in the indirect channel. That's really all we can comment on. If it's op income neutral and we can expand our footprint rapidly, then we're sort of indifferent on the commercial side. And so we're watching that very carefully to make sure that the P&L stays healthy. But we're seeing pretty good acceptance from these VAR partners and it's growing nicely for us. I don't believe so. We have Jeff Clarke who runs all operations and supply chain and all of our client PG organizations. We have three business unit leaders that run very substantial businesses for us. I think the Company structure is sufficient and we have very capable talent. I think first of all, the absolute delta margin opportunity is pretty substantial, because those are areas of the industry where we are underrepresented, and we believe we can significantly grow the absolute dollar profit. I think if you look at the services strategy that we are pursuing, in small-medium business, I think it is a highly differentiated strategy and one that can lead to attractive margins for the Company. We also know from the history in that business that the opportunities are not just in the client; there are substantial opportunities in the server. In fact, our share in the server part of small-medium business is greater then our client share. And so as we move into those customers, we have an opportunity to sell them the entire ecosystem, particularly even higher margin products like storage, such as the new Dell EqualLogic product line, which we created. Well, I think clearly the Perot Systems will be the flagship foundational asset in services for us. I wouldn't be surprised to see other smaller potential acquisitions as a result of this after a successful integration, but I also wouldn't look to that at the exclusion of acquisitions in other areas where Dell has an interest in increasing its IP. No, I think what we are doing here is responding to demands and needs we see from our customers. We have -- I mentioned earlier the Software and Peripheral business. We have about $5 billion Software and Peripheral business, bigger than a number of the companies you mentioned. And that gives us a real window into all of the other things that customers are buying. And oftentimes we use that information to then decide what are the next categories that which put our own R&D efforts into and make those an even bigger part of our business. Thank you, Brian, and welcome. In April I laid out long-term goals to drive shareholder value including unit growth at a premium to the industry, executing on our $3 billion cost opportunity, delivering sustained EPS growth, and executing on our five core initiatives and also growing our retail and channel for scale and profit. We grew significantly faster than the industry on a worldwide basis, and this was despite a more conservative commercial IT spending environment in the United States. We targeted 3 billion in annualized cost savings and have started to make progress, and we're beginning to see positive results in our performance as cost savings begin to flow through the P&L during this quarter. Let me go into a bit more detail. First we grew faster than the industry worldwide in all major product categories and regions. It has been three years since we had accomplished this. Worldwide, we grew units 22% while the industry was up 14%. Looking at our major regions, we grew 11% in the United States while the industry was essentially flat. In APJ we grew over 42% while the industry was up just 14% and in EMEA we grew 28% while the market was up 19%. This marks the first time in two years that we've outgrown the industry in all major regions. On the product side, notebooks, we grew 43% while the industry was up 36%, and in servers we outgrew all major competitors with a 21% increase in units while the industry grew 7%. In desktops we were up 9% while the industry contracted in the quarter, and in storage our growth in revenues accelerated to 15%. On the cost side we have identified in our aggressively targeting COGS and OpEx savings, and I continue to lead meetings every two weeks for each focused area. We have detailed road maps, targeted savings, actions, executive ownership with accountabilities, and specific time lines for the capturing of savings. In the first quarter we made progress against our initial goal of reducing head count by 8,900. Year-over-year we reduced our head count before the impact of acquisitions by 7,000 which includes 3,700 just during this past quarter. In our first quarter we recognized 106 million in severance and facilities related expenses and we'll see more benefits as we fully move throughout the year. We also made adjustments to our compensation plans, including evaluating and aligning our long-term incentive plans, cash and equity to current market conditions. Our total operating expenses were down 7% sequentially and while we still have much to do, I am encouraged by the progress we made. I believe you will see additional productivity improvements in the form of OpEx scaling and some additional head count reductions even as we invest significantly in growth areas. Turning to products, we grew faster than the industry in every worldwide product category. In the enterprise which is a core initiative for us, we had particularly strong results. In January we launched nine new servers including the M600 and M605 two socket blades, and the M 1000E blade enclosure, the R805 and R905 virtualization optimized servers. In addition, we're a leader in disruptive solutions for the [clout], powering about half of the fastest growing Chinese internet companies and the largest portal and largest search engine providers in China. These launches, combined with our existing leading edge server lineup, help us grow more than 8% -- percentage points faster than the industry and gain 1.5 share points worldwide. In storage we grew revenues by 15% and based on our own estimates we again took share worldwide in Q1 with the launch of the Dell EqualLogic PS 5000 IPSAN and our Dell EMC AX4 and 5ISANs we extended our position as the number one worldwide provider of [iSCSI SAN] solutions. Finally, our emerging country initiative had strong results. Recall that we define emerging countries as BRIC plus 10 and the combined 14 countries grew units at 62% and revenue accelerated to 47% led by strong share gains in Brazil, India and China. During the quarter we also launched the Dell 500 notebook which was specifically designed for emerging countries. We're now shipping this in China and India, and we'll launch additional countries as well as we catch up with a phenomenal demand that we're seeing for this product. We also launched our Partner Direct program in Europe and APJ this quarter, and since we launched the program in the United States in the fourth quarter, we have added over 3500 new global partners, and our channel business is now on a $12 billion run rate. While I am encouraged with our progress, we still have much work to do to restore our competitive position. Over time I am confident that our broad long-term goals which, include our growth initiatives, will drive growth in revenue, earnings, cash, and ultimately shareholder value. Let me turn it back over to Lynn. I think the pricing environment has been pretty straight forward. I wouldn't say there has been dramatically different pricing environment. If anything, we might have tried some things in pricing that we wish we hadn't done, but I would say pricing is has been pretty typical. Touch on the dividend question at all? I think if I look at the business sequentially, comparing our business to key competitors, certainly our revenue growth was well ahead of competitors sequentially. We were 16% sequentially growth, and double-digit on units. Our competitors were not single -- were single digits on revenue. One was double-digit on units, and another with single digits on units. So we outgrew certainly on revenue. We are also playing this a little bit differently on the average selling price side. We are not participating in some of the less than profitable units. Yeah. I was not involved in or aware of any of the accounting irregularities our Company -- and certainly, I'm not proud of what occurred at our Company. But, I am proud of the Company overall and I take responsibility for making sure those issues are addressed. Well, we are piling up cash and we think the cash flow is going to continue to be pretty powerful for the foreseeable future. Feeling pretty good about the operational improvements in a working cash flow that are occurring. I think the assets that we have are strong ones and give us a great position to be able to extend as you're suggesting. Asset prices are getting pretty attractive and certainly we're looking at how we're going to expand inorganically. In the last couple of years we sort of entered this process. We previously hadn't really done acquisitions. And in the last couple years have done about ten transactions, only one of them at any sort of size that would get anyone's attention, that was the EqualLogic transaction. That business is now roughly four times larger than when we started and it is significantly more profitable. It's a very, very profitable, fast-growing part of our business. So yes, we'll be looking in that direction and stay tuned. So all the areas mentioned, and Brian just mentioned, are areas where we are hiring and will hire to go invest in growth. We're not going to disclose which ones are in today, but I don't see any reason why you wouldn't have very broad selection on our Music Store as compared with others. I mean, I think if I look at the situation in the second quarter, I think we'd have to say it was more self-inflicted. Touch on the dividend question at all? We'll do great. I think we were saying that we were looking at industry seasonality, typically down 10. And I think we said we would expect to do better than that -- that revenue (multiple speakers). That is more of a revenue comment. I think it will be a combination of mix and scale and increased services and more solutions focus. Don't have any plans to do that. I think, if one has been studying Dell recently, you know there have been various facilities that we have sold or -- and as we've sort of rebalanced the portfolio in one form or another, don't have any plans to divest a particular part of the Company. Well, that would not really equate to what we know of their profitability. So I think you'd be missing something there because those products are quite nicely profitable for us. They're certainly more profitable than desktops. So you'd be missing something in the P&L there somewhere. I think if you look at it from a size of opportunity, they are both quite large opportunities. We have different opportunities across the different businesses, and we are pursuing them independently, and we think they can both deliver nice growth in returns. I think knowing exactly what the competitive environment in the next three years is, I'm not sure anyone knows that. What I do know is that the $3 billion that we are characterizing is not the normal cost improvements that we would expect to get for materials. We believe these are opportunities that are essentially -- if you want to call it catch-up, you can call it catch-up -- essentially opportunities that are delta performance from where Dell really should be today. So I think some of it will certainly be used for investment in the business. Some will be used to remain competitive, and certainly our desire is to bring as much to the bottom line as possible. This is Michael. The Enterprise demand obviously in the second quarter was solid. We think the 12th generation PowerEdge refresh continues to be strong, we're well-positioned there. And increasingly we are changing the sale to be a complete data center sale. So we feel good about that. We think the addition of Windows server 2012 is going to be an additional catalyst in the second half of the year. And feeling good about our portfolio there. The pricing impact in Europe was really -- a lot of it, frankly, was in the notebook business and on the client side of the business. That's the major driver, obviously other than this increase in EMEA service revenue deferral. Those would be the two major drivers. Thank you, Brian. Let me start by saying that I'm pleased with our broad-based growth, especially in the global commercial business. Over the past year, this business has generated about $53 billion in revenue and $3.7 billion in operating income. We've been the number one provider of commercial systems worldwide for eight years running. Looking at the IT industry as a whole, in four years, global IT spending, which includes services, labor, and hardware, will approach $1.5 trillion. The lack of innovation in two-thirds of this spending, specifically services and labor, is robbing resources from customers' IT spending. We are making investments that will enable us to participate more broadly in that two-thirds, but in a very distinctive and disruptive way. Our goal is to enable flexibility, configurability, access to industry-leading innovation, and value by leveraging technology arbitrage versus labor-based services. To address this opportunity, we are deploying an expanded solutions portfolio via organic growth and with acquisitions. I spend a fair amount of my time with commercial customers around the world, and there's no doubt that they believe we have the strongest solutions portfolio in our history, from client products through to servers, storage and services. Our growth in the enterprise this quarter is evidence that we are now in the consideration set by more customers -- by more current customers, and existing customers are turning to us to provide more robust offerings at an increasing rate. So let me give you two examples of how we partner with our customers to provide them with differentiated, customized solutions to help simplify their environments. The first is salesforce.com. Here we recently won a very large opportunity for our enterprise hardware and services that essentially replaces a proprietary UNIX system from a key competitor, resulting in significantly lower costs and an easier to manage environment for the customer. The creation of this solution involved collaboration across our enterprise sales organization, high availability database, and customer engineering teams, and our pro support services teams. We will bring up a data center for them in Singapore that will run entirely on Dell from the start. And our teams are collaborating with salesforce to support the multi-vendor hardware and software stack they require. Their US production data centers, they are currently adding new databases that are going on Dell, and those will migrate to Dell over time to the existing databases. The second example is that of a very large global retailer, where our advanced systems group partnered with on-site system engineering, virtualization experts and sales teams to create a very large virtualized infrastructure solution that includes remote access, a flexible computing platform based on our PowerEdge servers, 10 gigabit ethernet switches, EqualLogic SANs, VMWare virtualization, and Citrix Xen desktop as a connection to the virtual Cloud. All of this is supported by our enterprise services teams providing support desk, operational expertise, OpenManage Systems Management monitoring, and ongoing customer training. This is a solution that we could not have offered to this customer 18 months ago. Two other areas of rapid growth for Dell in the solutions area are data center consolidation, including Blades, where we recently launched our PowerEdge 4-socket N905 blade server and Cloud Computing Solutions. Recent wins in the Cloud include companies like Microsoft, Facebook, Amazon and Yahoo. This business is poised to grow exponentially over the next few years in terms of hardware, infrastructure, and services. As I mentioned, many of these solutions start with the client. Two weeks ago, we launched our new Latitude E-series notebooks, the largest global commercial platform rollout in our history, and we will be following it up with a complete refash of our commercial desktop and workstation portfolio. These are just a few examples of how we're designing solutions and discrete products to help simplify IT for our customers. Growth in our enterprise portfolio demonstrates that customers are increasingly confident in our ability to design and support complete solutions. And as a result, they are expressing interest in deeper relationships. That's translating into growth today and opportunity in the future. Not only do we see a big commercial opportunity in servers and storage due to data center consolidation, virtualization and Cloud Computing, but also strong growth in enterprise services and a more mobile, commercial customer base. And all the activities I talked about are squarely focused on building broader and deeper relationships with commercial customers -- again, this business that has generated $53 billion for us in the last year. Beyond the commercial business, we continue to see tremendous opportunity as consumers transition to mobile computing, wireless broadband, and smaller devices. Now let me turn it back over to Lynn. Good morning and welcome to Dell's annual meeting of stockholders. I'm Michael Dell, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and this meeting is also being webcast on Dell.com/investor. So I'd like to welcome everyone who has joined us today online. This meeting is now called to order. Here with me in the front is Brian Gladden, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Lynn A. Tyson, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to report that members of our Board are present today and are seated in the first few rows as well as members of our executive management team. Also in attendance are George Kennedy and other representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers, our independent auditor, and they'll be available for questions later in the meeting. I've asked Lynn Tyson, our Vice President of Investor Relations, to help with the formal items of business this morning; so I'd now like to invite her to present our official business. Thank you. Well, our year-over-year growth was 111 percent in printers in the fourth quarter, the sequential growth was 32 percent. I point out that our printer business is -- the profile is also changing as we're selling more laser printers proportionately relative to what we were selling. And as we've talked about earlier on the call, our disciplined focus on profitability led to fewer consumer units than one might have originally expected. Sure. Thank you. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. All right, thank you, Lynn. That concludes our official business for today, so I now declare the meeting to be adjourned. Now we'd like to take this opportunity to take some questions from our stockholders. So for those of you who were in the room and have a question, there are microphones located on the center aisles. And for those of you on the webcast, you can submit your question via e-mail. So I'm going to come down and join Brian and Lynn for the Q&A. Who's got the first question? Thank you. Good to be back. Yes. I think you'll see new products coming in that help us lift the margins in that business. Sure. Yes, let me address a bit of the operating system piece and then I will turn it over to Steve. We are very much in the mobile space working with both Android and Windows Mobile 7 and encouraged with the development of both of those and see those as great opportunities for us. So Steve, why don't you --? And maintaining, you know, a strong premium to the market growth. I mean, if you look at the calendar data, it was a 23% premium to the market growth. It's the 11th quarter in the row we've had 20% or greater premium. So it's certainly very strong performance. I think if you look at Nehalem, kind of the phase 1 of Nehalem was really strong. And you look at our business, we had 26% year-over-year growth. I think as you go to Nehalem EX the ROIs just get higher, and this becomes extremely compelling. You have the opportunity for a faster refresh cycle because those customers look at Nehalem EX, they say, I virtualize more machines. It is even more compelling to go and replace. We also created this data center custom solutions business. It has been growing very, very fast. You're going to see some more announcements from us next month as we take those capabilities to a broader set of customers. I think it is fair to say we have been winning the lion's share of the opportunities with the largest Web-driven firms in the world. What is interesting to see here is that there is a continual shift to x86. Of course, all of this -- we are working really hard to tie storage into it with our EqualLogic platform, with our Dell/EMC platform. We have other storage platforms clustered -- you know, class system type platforms, and you will see us continue to grow those out over time. I think with Windows 8, obviously there's great excitement particularly in the corporate space for us and the addition of both capacitive touch capability, integrating that in with the software and the ARM processor, pretty excited about Windows 8 and the effect that'll have on demand first with consumer but then flowing pretty rapidly there's a pretty strong appetite for a Windows tablet in Enterprise with the security and compatibility that customers kind of expect. On the server side, we've been experimenting with ARM now for I'd say it's more than a year. The challenge is really in the software stack. It's maturing, there's the lamp stack which is the obvious place to start. Competition isn't standing still there, and more competition there is certainly a good thing. And there's some interesting opportunities emerging, but I think X86 still has an enormous lead in that space. I think there is, with economic pressure, some trading down. You know, we also have seen that customers will get enticed by the price point or the size of a 10-inch or 11 inch-platform, and then decide that the screen is not big enough. They can't see enough of the things they want to do. And they want to go back to a bigger screen. You know, we are going to be disciplined in managing around operating profit and cash flow here. We're not driving for market share. We're driving for profit. It's early to say because I don't think Google has -- they obviously haven't finished the transaction and they haven't said a whole lot about it. But I think certainly patents play a big role here. And having Android with a stronger ability to exhaust patent claims against it probably sets up an interesting competitive dynamic. We're still quite interested in Android. I'll also tell you that our early work on Windows 8 on the tablet side looks to be pretty encouraging. And so we think it's shaping up to be a competitive environment. I don't think beyond those 2 that there are viable alternatives that make sense. So there's a lot of other noise in the market that I don't think will amount to much of anything. Thank you, Brian. Let me start by saying that I'm pleased with our broad-based growth, especially in the global commercial business. Over the past year, this business has generated about $53 billion in revenue and $3.7 billion in operating income. We've been the number one provider of commercial systems worldwide for eight years running. Looking at the IT industry as a whole, in four years, global IT spending, which includes services, labor, and hardware, will approach $1.5 trillion. The lack of innovation in two-thirds of this spending, specifically services and labor, is robbing resources from customers' IT spending. We are making investments that will enable us to participate more broadly in that two-thirds, but in a very distinctive and disruptive way. Our goal is to enable flexibility, configurability, access to industry-leading innovation, and value by leveraging technology arbitrage versus labor-based services. To address this opportunity, we are deploying an expanded solutions portfolio via organic growth and with acquisitions. I spend a fair amount of my time with commercial customers around the world, and there's no doubt that they believe we have the strongest solutions portfolio in our history, from client products through to servers, storage and services. Our growth in the enterprise this quarter is evidence that we are now in the consideration set by more customers -- by more current customers, and existing customers are turning to us to provide more robust offerings at an increasing rate. So let me give you two examples of how we partner with our customers to provide them with differentiated, customized solutions to help simplify their environments. The first is salesforce.com. Here we recently won a very large opportunity for our enterprise hardware and services that essentially replaces a proprietary UNIX system from a key competitor, resulting in significantly lower costs and an easier to manage environment for the customer. The creation of this solution involved collaboration across our enterprise sales organization, high availability database, and customer engineering teams, and our pro support services teams. We will bring up a data center for them in Singapore that will run entirely on Dell from the start. And our teams are collaborating with salesforce to support the multi-vendor hardware and software stack they require. Their US production data centers, they are currently adding new databases that are going on Dell, and those will migrate to Dell over time to the existing databases. The second example is that of a very large global retailer, where our advanced systems group partnered with on-site system engineering, virtualization experts and sales teams to create a very large virtualized infrastructure solution that includes remote access, a flexible computing platform based on our PowerEdge servers, 10 gigabit ethernet switches, EqualLogic SANs, VMWare virtualization, and Citrix Xen desktop as a connection to the virtual Cloud. All of this is supported by our enterprise services teams providing support desk, operational expertise, OpenManage Systems Management monitoring, and ongoing customer training. This is a solution that we could not have offered to this customer 18 months ago. Two other areas of rapid growth for Dell in the solutions area are data center consolidation, including Blades, where we recently launched our PowerEdge 4-socket N905 blade server and Cloud Computing Solutions. Recent wins in the Cloud include companies like Microsoft, Facebook, Amazon and Yahoo. This business is poised to grow exponentially over the next few years in terms of hardware, infrastructure, and services. As I mentioned, many of these solutions start with the client. Two weeks ago, we launched our new Latitude E-series notebooks, the largest global commercial platform rollout in our history, and we will be following it up with a complete refash of our commercial desktop and workstation portfolio. These are just a few examples of how we're designing solutions and discrete products to help simplify IT for our customers. Growth in our enterprise portfolio demonstrates that customers are increasingly confident in our ability to design and support complete solutions. And as a result, they are expressing interest in deeper relationships. That's translating into growth today and opportunity in the future. Not only do we see a big commercial opportunity in servers and storage due to data center consolidation, virtualization and Cloud Computing, but also strong growth in enterprise services and a more mobile, commercial customer base. And all the activities I talked about are squarely focused on building broader and deeper relationships with commercial customers -- again, this business that has generated $53 billion for us in the last year. Beyond the commercial business, we continue to see tremendous opportunity as consumers transition to mobile computing, wireless broadband, and smaller devices. Now let me turn it back over to Lynn. On the AMD part of your question, there are some startup costs involved. We have been pretty thoughtful about this in terms of our architecture and different platforms that we're introducing, and believe that those will be paid back very, very quickly, given the major nature of this thing. So some startup costs, but absolutely the right thing to do. We will take the support calls at level, and we offer a variety of services. So we take the first level support and we can escalate to Oracle for second-level support as needed. We also have consulting services available through our professional services organization; it's been going on for quite some time. And we also have an agreement to re-sell Oracle professional services to customers that may be more specific database or migration assistance. Based on kind of what we see in market trends, I think we're going to be heading back to a more normal environment. We're still kind of in an adjustment period kind of post all the turmoil that occurred last year and that sort of thing. But --. Ben, we also have in our development pipeline for next year a continuing strengthening of the high end of the product line where Dell has historically led and we intend to continue to lead. We're also going to participate of course in the mid-range and in the entry space as well. One of the things that Dell has been building over the past several years is also a strong offshore presence, and we are very excited about taking both of those presences and seeing what will happen. We do think this is a case where one and one is going to make three in terms of our offshore presence from a host of different vantage points. We will now have over 23,000 people providing services out of India alone as a result of this, not including other low-cost geographies. So we think this is a major plus for the combined services organization. So you want me to tell you what we are going to buy next. I'm not going to tell you that. What I will tell you is that we certainly prefer things that are one click away instead of two clicks away or three clicks away. I think we clearly have a strength in infrastructure, and strong in servers and strong in storage. We are certainly continuing to build that whole infrastructure portfolio in systems management, and how do you build a more integrated offering. Although we don't see the market kind of wanting to buy everything from one provider, I'm sure we'll get to that question, I think there are some interesting verticals where as we change our sales motion to be much more solution-oriented, we are finding that vertical capability is incredibly valuable, whether it's in financial services or manufacturing, or healthcare, retail. In some cases, we have strong capability, like in healthcare. In another cases we'd like to add more. Some of that can be done organically; some can be done with partnerships and some certainly through acquisitions. We prefer the more ingredient type acquisitions where we can use our customer relationships and scale to capture leverage from those. We didn't tell you what it was and you will have to wait until we announce it. Just like Christmas. But Santa is coming. Referring to consumer products or referring to which product? Thank you, Kevin. In closing, our model is structurally advantaged enabling us to consistently deliver exceptional financial and operating performance in all environments. We are pursuing opportunities, particularly in non-U.S. markets, the enterprise and services, to drive growth and profitability in the near term and ensure the company's long-term growth and success. And the trends in the enterprise are irrefutable. Standards are moving further and faster up the enterprise hardware and software stacks, and Dell is at the forefront of this transition to standards-based computing. Now we'd like to open up for your questions. Operator? Yes, feeling really great about the networking business. We had 43% growth without Force10, and 83% with the addition of Force10. And, the real play here for us, of course, is changing the conversation from a server conversation to servers, storage, networking and orchestration software, and the whole data center. And, given the number of servers that we sell, there's a lot of pull that we can drive in our networking business. And, certainly our ambition's go beyond switching. And, you'll have to stay tuned for future announcements. Yes, you asked about the acquisitions. The acquisitions are integrated into the business and owned by the business leaders that are responsible for those areas. So if you take the EqualLogic acquisition, for example, this is part of Brad Anderson's server and storage business. And so I think you can look to our performance in the enterprise and specifically in servers and storage over the next several quarters and several years and see how is that business doing. Now, of course, we would have a bit more detailed information about that than you would because we are providing it at kind of an aggregate basis. I think you've got to look at where the margins come from. You've got about two-thirds of the margin not in PC hardware. You know, it could be -- I mean that's a lot. Certainly, it's very different than it was five years ago, or ten years ago. I think a lot of people -- Dell had a very distinct business model. A lot of people still think of Dell based on what it was five years ago or ten years ago. Now the mix of business and the sources of profit are very, very different. You also see a different profile. You see higher margin; you see more annuity-type revenue streams; and you see record profitability. I wouldn't expect anything in the near-term. I think you'll see us with smaller-screen devices. And I think the lines that may separate today what is a phone? What's a Smart Phone? What's a Internet-in-your-pocket? What's a mobile Internet device? What's an ultra mobile PC? What's a notebook? I think those lines are going to get really blurry and then completely disappear. And so you'll see us with smaller and smaller devices that have capabilities similar to the devices you're referring to, but not in the near-term. You know, we could have quite a few more. And the critical factor for us is getting products with the right cost. And then you go further. Quite frankly, we don't really need lots of additional distribution right now. But what we need is the new products, the new product cycle with improved costs. Dan? Dan? I'd say a bit more from margin. Sure. Software obviously is playing an increasingly important role in the industry. We've made a number of acquisitions around software and systems management with KACE and cloud integration with Boomi and infrastructure virtualization and orchestration with Scalent, and I think you'll see others as well fitting within very similar framework that we've used in the past. John Swainson is joining the Company to lead this group for us and we see a lot of opportunity in close adjacencies. We've had a lot of success with a number of the acquisitions that have been software related and believe there's significant opportunity for us to build a big business here. Don't really have any revenue projections for you at this stage but clearly, it's a significant opportunity for us and we're thrilled to have John joining the Dell team. That has led, by the way, to six consecutive quarters of increasing margins. But you're taller! You know, we have got a lot of number two's here. I mean if you look at the business, essentially we have a global consumer business, and we have a commercial business, commercial business consists of three large regions -- a product group, services business, and then we have Mike Cannon running all the operations of the Company in terms of manufacturing and procurement. And -- It's early to say because I don't think Google -- they obviously haven't finished the transaction and they haven't said a whole lot about it. But I think certainly patents play a big role here. And having Android with a stronger ability to exhaust patent claims against it probably sets up an interesting competitive dynamic. We're still quite interested in Android. I'll also tell you that our early work on Windows 8 on the tablet side looks to be pretty encouraging. And so we think it's shaping up to be a competitive environment. I don't think beyond those 2 that there are viable alternatives that make sense. So there's a lot of other noise in the market that I don't think will amount to much of anything. I think Don said it well. We are embracing a new way of leading the company where there are areas Don said where we're cutting, we're finding productivity opportunities, consolidating, driving savings. At the same time making very significant investments in the new growth areas and, in fact, we're doing one so we can do the other while, you know, certainly our intent is to grow the earnings of the company at the same time. Let me start by saying that in our company we have two women on our Board of Directors. Yeah, Bob that's what we're running to is, to make sure that we're showing the growth that would find its way to EPS; and it comes in the form of operating income dollars, not so much what happens to the margins at the gross margin or the operating expense line. Yes, one of the things we're working with the Board on is implementing a portion of the executive compensation and bonus plans for the Company to be tied to our cash flow performance. It serves as a computer monitor, as a television, it has independent video input. So you could put it on top of your PC as a fantastic, wide aspect display and also have separate inputs for television signals or DVD inputs into it. It also has Feruja technology, which makes it quite a high-end display for those who are interested in that. Well, it's a multi-dimensional equation. On the one hand, you have expectations of improvements in cost. And on the other hand, you have the sort of opportunity to grow, the addition of new products, new countries and new customer segments. And then you have the competitive overlay. We've been expanding rapidly throughout EMEA. And also I think it's fair to say that some of the Western European economies have slowed a bit, creating some pressure in that environment. But when we look at it on balance, we believe that our margins can certainly improve quite a bit in Europe. Well, first let me reflect on something you said, because I think what my experience has been in the industry is when some new technology arrives that is really great for customers, you kind of stand in its way at your peril. So, whether it's -- what you talked about with Clouds and multi-tenancy or virtualization, what we find is you're really better off just embracing those and figuring out how do you make that valuable for customers, even if it impacts something you were kind of doing before. Now, if you look at what's going on with mobility, we're really just at the beginning of this. So, you have about 5 billion people in the world that have mobile phones, but only 2% of those have Smartphones. So, I think in the next five years, most of those people are going to figure out, well, hey I like the Smartphone too. I want to be able to do all this great stuff and photos and video and access all these apps. So, I think we're going to see an enormous expansion. Thanks, Rob. We're pleased with our results in Q3 and year-to-date. This is a new Dell and we are much better equipped to give our customers a clear path to productivity enhancing solutions. We're growing Enterprise Solutions and Services, including developing and acquiring key IP and sales capability, and the result is growing earnings and cash flow. In Q3, our Enterprise Solutions and Services business grew 8% to a record high $4.7 billion, and increased 13%, excluding third-party storage hardware. Enterprise Solutions and Storage now account for 46% of our gross margin dollars. Our improved profitability and cash flow have enabled us to move forward with strategic investments, both organic and inorganic. Innovation in both hardware and software is fueling our new product pipeline. We're now investing in R&D at an annual run rate approaching $1 billion. Dell now has 5,000 patents granted or pending around the world, and has over 20 R&D labs globally. We've made five acquisitions since the beginning of this year. This is enhancing our capability as an Enterprise Solutions provider with a focus on server, storage, networking and security. This year, we've also increased the number of sales resources focused on Enterprise Solutions and Services by about [30%]. This, along with our approximately $1 billion commitment to deliver Enterprise Solutions and cloud-based delivery options, is making a real impact on our business. Finally, we delivered revenue of $15.4 billion for the quarter. We're choosing not to participate in low value opportunities which have put short-term pressure on revenue growth, but have been a real driver of our expanded margins and growing earnings. We continue to believe that increasing our share of industry profits is the right strategy. Our year-to-date GAAP operating income is 7.6% of revenues, and our year-to-date GAAP EPS has increased 68%. Now, Brian and Jeff will provide more details on all of this. There absolutely is. There would be sub-objectives that would inform the strategies for each of the four businesses. So, let me give you an example which kind of relates back to your question about PC units. So, in the large enterprise and the public business, we have them much more focused on growing the server storage and services. We don't really want them to lose share in the client, but actually we haven't asked them to go gain a lot of share, either, in the client. We'd rather them focus their attention on the server storage and services. And the operating margins there are much more attractive. Contrast that with the kind of consumer and small business, subject to achieving the kind of operating margin objectives and the operating margin efficiency, we'd actually like them to grow faster than the market. But, the higher order goal for them is achieving the operating margin dollars. The mix has been improving. And I think within the EMC relationship we have been moving it more toward the real value add products, less of that pass through products. So that is definitely putting some pressure on the topline, but it is improving the margins there. And I think putting us in the kinds of business that we really want to be in. But the operating margins, the margin dollars in storage are definitely improving. And we've got a significant platform there. I think we have added about 15,000 new EqualLogic customers since the acquisition. And we are adding about 2,000 a quarter. So this is a platform that is very, very strong. We are integrating a lot of new partners. For example, I think if you look closely, you'll see a lot of work going on with Brocade and many others, as this kind of becomes a real platform. Also, the Cloud Solutions business that we told you about in the past has started to win some very substantial orders from some of the large mega scale, hyper scale, data center, search providers, those kind of things. Although I think if you go back and look at notebooks and the way in which we -- our supply chain works versus others, there's actually a number of very significant differences. And it has to do with integrating of critical components from a cost standpoint, and what we buy from the subcontract partners in Taiwan or China, it's very, very different often times from competitors. Okay. I think we are going to wrap it up there. And I just want to say that we hope all our friends on the East Coast are safe and are able to get home tonight and conditions there resume some normalcy fairly soon. We want to thank you all for joining us today. Now, we are seeing a stabilization in the IT market in terms of the tone from customers, they are feeling better about the macroenvironment, the overall business climate and their own businesses specifically. However, there's not a significant uptick in corporate RFPs, you know, managers of companies are risk averse and I think it's going to take a couple more quarters before you see -- a couple more quarters of economic improvement before you see IT budgets growing substantially. However, regardless of the environment that we find ourselves in, we continue to demonstrate a focus model that is structurally advantaged and drive leading financial operating performance and leads, yields leading shareholder value creation. We believe that standardization is inevitable and accelerating and the data center of the future will be based on standard hardware, software, and services and these trends play directly into the strengths of our business model. And all of this gives us great confidence that we remain on track to achieve our goal of $60 billion in revenue. So thanks again for joining us today and we'll talk to you soon, hope everyone makes it home safe. Bill Shope, CFA That's a great question. I don't really know. I think that -- would we like to gain share? Sure we'd like to gain share but we're more focused on having solid profitability. I don't think we really know what the growth of the industry's going to be next year. We're planning a pretty conservative set of assumptions on the belief that it's easier to dial it up than to dial it down. There has been a marked slowdown. I would say there have been some winds of caution in certain financial customers, but I would say demand is pretty good. Well, I don't think there's been the volatility in Europe of spending -- you know, pulling back and going hard on spending. The European spending has been more kind of level loaded. And they haven't so much gyrated with the -- you know there hasn't been as much economic fluctuation there either. So that's pretty much the trend among corporate spending. It hasn't been as volatile as the U.S.. I would add to that, Chris, when you think about the fact that China is down as -- in total for the country for the first time in as far back as I can remember, and the declines in APJ in general and Western Europe, that happened in the commercial accounts as well. And that's a tough one to overcome when you've got a big impact in a region like that. And those are the types of things Brian talked about where you think about those are markets that are likely to snap back once we work through what is a cautious environment. I think a lot of commercial customers are looking at their discretionary spend right now and saying, I'm going to put some additional dollars to work in some of these enterprise solutions, but if I've got a decision to make, I might pull back a little bit on some of these client transitions and wait to see how things play out at a macro level. So I think you're seeing a little of that. No. I believe -- I'll give you sort of an example of why I think it's the right decision. Next week, AMD will introduce their Barcelona four-core processor. And Barcelona competes with the Intel Clovertown chip. And if you look at floating point instructions, Barcelona is about 30% faster than Clovertown. However, if you look at integer instructions, Clovertown's about 30% faster than Barcelona. So, depending on the type of application you're running or maybe even your theory of computer science, you might have a different preference for one type of server or another type of server. It is simply unacceptable for a company of Dell's size to only have one of those choices. Okay. So, that probably doesn't exist any more. So, we have quite a complete spectrum of both A&I flavors and intend to continue to do that. We're definitely running the business around customer preference and how do we optimize our ability to drive profits and grow long term. And we think having two suppliers is absolutely in our best interest. You know, we're -- this is Michael. We're engaged with a number of customers on the services side, helping them deal with tablets from a security standpoint, manageability standpoint, and clearly that's a near-term opportunity for us. We see the ecosystems coming together, probably taking a little longer than we would've liked, but as that comes together, there will be some nice opportunities there. Anecdotally, I think what we're seeing is that you can't really find a lot of companies that are going to have three devices for all of their users. Yet, the tablet, in almost all the instances we've found, is a third device. So, it's not exactly clear how many units are going to be sold. I think it will be a lot of units. Gartner says there will be 2 billion PCs in 2014. I think there have been 10 million or so tablets sold in the last six months. So, to put it in perspective, we're very focused on creating the solutions, and as the ecosystems come together, having a very strong offering that kind of intersects with when this is relevant, when there are applications, when security is in place and real deployments are occurring, but I'm not seeing this replacing either the smartphone or the PC in large numbers of organizations. I'd just add that this -- specifically the way this has worked is we've had the opportunity to look at what we're doing with each customer, their fundamental challenges, how we add more value, and look at how we be the best partner across their high -- their whole IT spend. So, this isn't just about the volume of units that we sell each customer. It's how we add the most value, and there's a mix shift within. Even in the client business, we've seen a faster growth in our revenue than units as we have really delivered with our latest generation some real competitively-differentiated client products, and so we're moving to the higher end of the price range and getting more value out of that, and that is playing out across other types of products and services. So it's more mix within the lines of business that you described rather than across the lines of business. Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. It's great to be here. You know this is the fastest growing conference in the industry and I understand the attendance is almost doubled in the last two years and that's a real testament to what Salesforce.com has built and the growth of cloud computing. Now we think in the next few years about 80%, by 2012, 80% of the Fortune 1000 will be joining you in using cloud services. But right now these are challenging times and a lot of people are asking what should I do right now? You know, customers are thinking about should I slow or should I accelerate technology deployment? And how do I get more out of the technology investments that I've made? And also, what unique opportunities does this situation present for each business and each organization? So today I'm going to give you some perspectives on that both as a Salesforce.com user and also as a partner. But first it is election day, I voted already on absentee voting, I hope you get a chance to vote as well. I was surprised that Marc didn't make it on the ballot. I thought he would have made a great Chief Cloud Officer. I would have voted for that. And I also noticed that this guy Joe the Plumber has been getting a lot of attention and excitement. I'm wondering where's Joe the programmer? I think we can code our way out of this crisis. Code, baby, code. But of course there are real issues that drove people to the polls today and let's talk about those challenges that are everyone's mind. You've had a confluence of events that have brought together a global crisis really starting here in the US with a housing-led recession, an incredible anticipation that real estate prices were going to continue to go up, loans exceeding the ability to pay, interest rates increased, financial institutions became distressed and credit was frozen, defaults rose while the value of loans decreased and now we have a pretty big mess on our hands. Now the first response often in a situation like this is to cut all the spending and just kind of stop investing. Now I understand those pressures and certainly every business faces them but I also propose a different perspective to you today that being stunned into inaction is exactly the wrong thing to do right now. Actually this is an opportunity and each of us should take the opportunity to make our business stronger and more competitive at this time so that we can all emerge even stronger once this period passes. Now while the economy is slowing, there are a few things that aren't slowing. For one, the underlying physics of our industry in terms of semiconductors and the science behind the great products that we're able to deliver, that's not slowing down at all. The other thing that's occurring is that there are 1 billion people coming online over the next few years. Hundreds of millions of new small businesses are being created and because of the incredible increases in band width there's a ten-fold increase in digital data. Now this offers significant implications and opportunities for all sorts of enterprises. The digital universe of data is expanding tremendously, 1.8 zettabytes by 2011, that's about 450 billion DVDs. We can fix it right away. Yes, I think possible. You also see all sorts of new players emerging, and so the thing continues to sort of morph and emerge. If you go on a regional basis, they want to have their own stuff locally. New laws are being passed. Regulators are very concerned about data security, data protection. So it's certainly hard to predict exactly how it's going to evolve, but don't spend a lot of time worrying about that one. Yes, it's very levered to new product introductions where we have made a much better future value trade-off, as Brian mentioned earlier. And we believe that derives a significant portion of this. Yes, all the data that we see would suggest that there is still a very large installed base of non-Windows 7 PCs that are going to be replaced by Windows 7 PCs, and the preferred path is a hardware-driven upgrade for most customers. We also see a huge wave of virtualization, Office 2010, and probably that we had talked about as much, but the Exchange 2010 upgrade we believe is very, very strong. And we are right in the middle of all that with our customers. In commercial, it was 7.7%. Right. You know, we have a business that we call kind of software peripherals and accessories, which includes printers, projectors, certain entry networking type products; certainly, software and all sorts of things that you'd imagine that'd go around computers, roughly a $9 billion business for us. So, pretty good-sized business. And given the share of footprint that we have in the commercial and small/medium business segment, those customers look for us as the one-stop shop, if you will, to buy the total solution. So, there are opportunities that are there. Printing is an interesting one. We've had reasonable success in color lasers. It's a business that has a deferred revenue component, as you sell in the installed base, and we're growing in installed base there. You'll see a pretty dramatic expansion in the printer portfolio aimed at the commercial customers over the next six to 12 months. Well, the small ones operate more like the consumer. The medium ones operate more like enterprise. If you put it together, SMB is at about 50% of Windows 7 today. And we think they tend to go first. I should say that the momentum we are seeing in the enterprise customers around client has nothing to do with Windows 7 at this point. We are seeing a pipeline of Windows 7 that is starting to build for enterprise customers really next year. The way I think about this is that, first of all, our primary focus is on the enterprise and the server and storage and solutions area that we've talked about. Within our consumer business, we have a carrier-centric strategy where we work with the major carriers around the world. You've probably seen commercials and relationships with companies like AT&T, Verizon, Vodafone, China Mobile, etc.. And within that carrier strategy, we will go and build products that those great carrier partners want to see, and the prototype demonstration that was referred to earlier is one of those products. Rich Kugele Okay. Any thoughts on the tablet, then, in that sense? Well, you said it. It would be more products in more regions. Okay? Shannon Cross. Thanks. Well, of course, the way we've structured this is that we intend to earn more when we virtualize the client than when we don't virtualize the client. And of course, that's all about offering the whole solution for us. The solution stack kind of starts with the storage and server and then goes to the device. The device is the least important part of the profit picture. Well, we've had a great practice around server virtualization, and some activity around client virtualization has started. I think it got a little bit slowed down with the economic issues. And there are certain kinds of applications and environments where client virtualization works really well. But it's not every customer and every environment. The offerings are coming together, and I think in line with this -- this refresh and all of the new technology elements, there will be some good opportunities there. But I wouldn't view client virtualization as pervasive yet as the idea of server virtualization. Joel, I think overall actually when you look at the enterprise business, we felt like we were fairly aggressive on pricing. But yet as we continue to grow scale there and servers and storage our profitability has stayed about the same. I mean, if anything, you can see the profitability on the consumer, the lower end of the business maybe was slightly less than what it was a year ago. So, yeah we've kind of made up for some that actually in the enterprise base even though we felt like we were pretty aggressive on pricing. And with 40% unit growth we've done significantly well. But yeah, I think, again, we're trying to balance everything and hit our profit targets but really focusing on growing the enterprise business. Yes, it's a small number. We're still in installed base growth, 100 percent. I think with what is going on in the global economy one would take a bit of caution looking into next year. What we see in our business is that the refresh cycle is very much in full bloom. And if you look at Windows 7, you look at Exchange 2010 on the server side, we see enormous adoption there. You look at Office 2010. We continue to see a healthy refresh cycle, and the things that we are selling our customers yield very high ROI. And we are able to sell a broader range of them at increasing marketing so feeling pretty good about the commercial business. We are focused on profit share; we're not focused on market share. We didn't really have any late products. I think the going-forward answer is really a combination of better pricing, execution, and we believe improving costs footprints on new products. And if you've been reading the news in the last few days, you know we're deep into product introduction season. We're introducing a large, large number of new products last week, this week, and you'll see that continue. Yes, feeling really great about the networking business. We had 43% growth without Force10, and 83% with the addition of Force10. And, the real play here for us, of course, is changing the conversation from a server conversation to servers, storage, networking and orchestration software, and the whole data center. And, given the number of servers that we sell, there's a lot of pull that we can drive in our networking business. And, certainly our ambition's go beyond switching. And, you'll have to stay tuned for future announcements. Thanks, Mike. Before we take questions, we want to remind you that we're not going to divulge specific product configurations, availability or pricing on today's call. However, all of the things we talked about will be available to customers in the United States in time for the holidays, and many will be available in regions outside the United States in the coming year. So with that, we're happy to take your questions. Well, it would be clearer -- I'm referring to pricing changes and kind of, let's say, overly aggressive pricing. I think that's something that we can fix rather rapidly. As far as what's the improvement going to be quarter-to-quarter -- not going to give you a forecast. Great. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We will speak again with you soon. Tony, I would just like to emphasize that for us, profit growth is more important than unit growth and that will be the defining sort of philosophy that we use here. And we gained share in the commercial segment. One of the things that Dell has been building over the past several years is also a strong offshore presence, and we are very excited about taking both of those presences and seeing what will happen. We do think this is a case where one and one is going to make three in terms of our offshore presence from a host of different vantage points. We will now have over 23,000 people providing services out of India alone as a result of this, not including other low-cost geographies. So we think this is a major plus for the combined services organization. Yes, I think the product cycle will certainly be healthy for growth and there are always value shifts that go on among the various ingredients. Overall, the Enterprise business is doing quite well. We're seeing a lot of growth in storage. We had in the quarter 60% sequential growth in Compellent. Overall, our Dell IP storage was up 33% year over year and 19% sequentially. U.S. and Asia, minus Japan, were up sequentially in revenues. You know, 11% in Americas, and 11% in Asia, minus Japan. China was up 9%. The total was three -- BRIC was up 16%. So, emerging and U.S. was quite strong. And challenges in EMEA, EMEA down 13%. Japan jumped down 24%, although sequentially Japan always has a down second quarter. And as we've talked about the mix into some of the enterprise products was very healthy. Thank you, Brian. We have been involved in the significant transformation here at Dell over the past 18 months. In April we outlined for you our five growth initiatives of consumer, enterprise, notebooks, SMB and emerging countries. In addition we discussed our plans to improve our competitiveness and we've made significant progress along those initiatives. We've identified and are aggressively taking down our cost structure by about $3 billion to regain cost leadership. We're well into transitioning to a higher mix of contract manufacturing to drive competitiveness. We've reduced our G&A substantially, our OpEx is now down by over $200 million in the third quarter versus the same quarter last year. We've revamped our entire product line in every category, and we've regained feature design leadership in many segments, so there's been a great deal of progress. There's much to do, but these are important foundations that position us to be a stronger and more nimble company. This is a more challenging IT spending environment and there are three things you need to think about when considering Dell. First is that, we are focused on expense management and regaining our cost leadership. Clearly there was progress in the quarter on G&A and COGS consistent with the plan we outlined and we're on a path that will yield significantly increased cost savings, and an advantaged cost structure in our district business, which is roughly 75% of revenues, and a competitive cost structure in our channel business. This will give us the ability to deliver not only more value for our customers, but increased profitability. Second, our focus is on expanding our presence in the enterprise. Customer are looking for great technology to drive IT productivity and simplification and they want it to be cost effective. This absolutely plays to Dell's strengths and we can help them here. Virtualization, particularly in servers and storage, are key technologies that we're embracing to drive this. So we're taking a number of actions to address these needs. First, we're expanding our server coverage up to 95% of the market opportunities next year. We've also introduced the fourth generation of our Dell EMC storage systems, we've expanded our EqualLogic solutions, introduced a new PowerVault product lines, all placing us in Gartner's leaders quadrant for enterprise storage arrays. We're significantly growing our virtualization solutions to help customers improve the ability to deploy and manage these solutions. We've been a leader in power and cooling solutions, with very efficient blades, and 2-to-4 socket blade products that are 25% better in performance per watt than competitors. And we've expanded our data center custom solutions business with customers like Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, Akamai and Vidu. And finally, We've been growing our services activity. With remote infrastructure management we have an opportunity to go after the $2 that is tacked on to the every $1 that's spent in hardware and this is really a major customer pain point in the roughly $1.2 trillion IT industry. So third for us, in consumer business clearly we're making some progress, new products, and we've got better costs. As we continue to make progress here, those cost improvements will begin to show up in our emerging country business and our small-medium business. The consumer business had operating income of 1.7% so far this year, while units grew twice the industry and share was up 140 basis points. And the BRIC we grew 20% versus last year and BRIC is now 9.4% of revenues. So why don't I stop there and we'll open it up for questions. Questions and Answers You heard it right, yes We are focused on profit share, not market share. Yes, the mix in the last month of the quarter was significantly better. As I highlighted at the analyst meeting, a significant Dell has been kind of over indexed to large commercial business around the world. Our growth opportunities are substantially or very significant in consumer and emerging countries wherever selling prices are in fact lower. That kind of explains the client side. On the server side, industry ASPs have been coming down and, as I said earlier, we were the only company in the industry to grow revenue share and unit share. Yes, I would not be surprised to see it well into the teens. I think there is an aging installed base for sure. And you just have an accumulation of new technologies at the hardware, software, virtualized client, and these IT managers really know that they cannot extend the life of these client assets forever. And while I don't think it is all going to occur at once, I think it will be a rolling refresh that occurs over perhaps 18 months. I think a lot of these -- I cannot remember a time when a very high percentage of them skipped an entire operating system. And so what we remind them is that -- and they know this -- Windows XP is eight-years-old. So yes, I think it's going to be a pretty powerful cycle. To put it in perspective, if you go back a couple years ago, the Services backlog was $5 billion, $5.5 billion. Now it's $15.5 billion. We've really changed the business pretty substantially. We've got 14% of our revenue in Services. It's growing nicely. We've changed the conversation with our customers and made a lot of progress towards this solution focus that we've been telling you about. Well, let's remember that the -- part of the market that has gotten a lot of attention recently is actually not a large part of the overall opportunity. And in the really large data centers, they tend to look very, very different from these full stacked solutions. There -- know we have a lot of experience there, having sold to very high percentage of the really mega-scale data centers. You don't see the -- what I'll call proprietary networking approaches inside those data centers. You see very, very simplified networks and multi-tenant applications, using large volumes of our servers and storage. And if I had to guess what the data center of the future looks like in five years, I actually think it's more like that. So I think some of these vendors are hanging on to kind of the way of the past. And when we talk to customers, sure, there's an interest in having a fully integrated solution and they see some advantages and accountability there, but it's also an incredibly expensive approach. And it's sort of a throw back to what IT was 25 years ago. It's a lock-in and we don't see kind of huge traction there. So we can't underestimate the significance of these moves by other companies. But there are all sorts of counter-balancing effects that are likely to occur as new alliances get formed and customers look to where they're actually getting the best value. Thank you, Brian. In the past 16 months, we've improved our competitiveness with our $3 billion and now $4 billion cost initiative delivering strong growth in emerging countries and global consumer. We broadened our product portfolio, launching new enterprise blades and latitude E series notebooks for commercial customers and Inspiron netbooks and studio hardware desktops and notebooks for consumers. We've expanded our services business with new offerings in enterprise solutions and remote infrastructure management. And we've introduced Dell to more people and more places than ever before, expanding our consumer business to over 24,000 retail outlets. Through the first half of last year, we delivered 10% revenue growth on 20% unit growth. As customers deferred purchases, we quickly adapted by accelerating operating cost initiatives and focusing on cash flow and profitability overgrowth. With the full year, we achieved strong margins with 18% gross and 5.2% operating margin or 6% operating margin net of the OE and equity compensation issues that Brian mentioned earlier. We grew faster than the industry, selectively gaining share with 34% unit growth in BRICK and 35% unit growth in global consumer. And we announced the next phase of our transformation to global businesses that are organized around customers, organizations that allow us to best serve our customers' needs and take advantage of the opportunities we see. Our strategy is to deliver disrupted technology innovation and shift our business to higher margin products and services. Providing disruptively great value to customers and partners through a direct relationship is really about making IT simpler and more productive. And now more than ever, organizations are thinking about the total cost of operating and owning IT. We want to deliver the power of the cloud and the internet leveraging Dell.com and the persistent and unique connection that is we have with our customers. We want to drive price performance and feature leadership across all of our businesses by creating efficient solutions that just work and we want to get a larger share of the profit streams embedded in our growing install base of hundreds of millions of products that we deliver, opportunities like search services, 3 G originations and other telecom opportunities and as we deliver more solutions for our customers, these opportunities present themselves. The second part of the strategy is to shift our solutions portfolio to higher margin solutions, and reoccurring revenue streams like those found in servers, storage, services and software that deliver on the first tenet of our strategy. We're driving the attachment of services onto our existing product platforms and expanding our capabilities further. Customers are very focused on outcomes, pushing deeper into enterprise solution is another key focus for us. We're going to add more capability and as we do this, we find we're involved at the right level with the customers and enjoy more success. Finally, software represents another opportunity for us to shift the portfolio. You've also seen us do more with customization and personalization and we'll take this further. Dell is the company that really drove the cost of hardware down over the last 25 years. But for every dollar that's spent on hardware, there's $3 to $4 spent on everything else and that's exactly where we're heading for our future opportunities. So, let's stop there, and we'll open it up for questions. Yes. Well, the consumer retail business doesn't have as much service attached to it for sure, but during the quarter we had continued progress of our new ProSupport offering. Attach rates were up 24% on a year-over-year basis which is pretty staggering for an offering like this. We're putting a lot of resources in to really solution selling. As I mentioned earlier, the focus on servers, storage, and services, things that start with S is a big focus for the 10s of thousands of sales people that we have out there talking to our customers, and software too. Thanks, Brian. I believe the third-quarter results are beginning to demonstrate that the strategy we have described to you over the past year is the correct one. We have a differentiated strategy around the enterprise that is open, capable and affordable, and this is resonating very well with our customers. We are pleased with the improvement in operating margins in our Commercial business driven by improving execution and an increasing mix of services and data center solutions. Over the past few weeks, I have spent a great deal of time with our customers across the US, Asia and Europe. More than ever CIOs are telling us that investing in IT is a driver of strategic advantage and is necessary to enable efficiencies and savings longer term. Our datacenter and solutions portfolio continues to grow, as does our own field and channel partner capability to deliver these around the world. Our customer engagements are evolving from solely being a supplier of IT hardware to a true provider of IT solutions with a deep understanding of customer verticals. This change will take time, but we're making progress and we are well on our way. Fast-growing economies like China, India and Brazil are an area of strength for us and should continue to grow rapidly for many years to come. While we are pleased with the performance during the third quarter, we see great opportunity ahead and have multiple engines of profitable growth and remaining improvements in many areas of our business. We believe we are well positioned to profitably grow in the right areas and navigate the opportunities ahead. It is a great time for Dell, and I see this quarter's results as a strong indicator of what is to come. With that, we will open it up for questions. Well, I think you know we've provided a long-term framework in terms of 5% to 7% revenue growth, 7% operating income, cash flow growth in excess of net income. I think this is a Company that had a pretty bad experience with setting short-term goals that were externally communicated. And we don't really have an appetite for that. But, I can assure we're managing the Company to create long-term value. We hear you. What I'd also tell you is that Consumer Reports did a survey recently that showed that Dell was above average for solving problems with notebooks, we performed 12 points better than Hewlett-Packard, for example. That doesn't justify the kind of experience that you received, but it does say that the kind of experience that the vast majority of our customers receive is significantly better. You said appropriately that we are undergoing a series of changes and transformations in the Company. Clearly, what we see is an opportunity to drive the business around solutions and services and with a much higher ingredient of intellectual property. What we're finding is that, as we change the conversation with our customers who really understand the actual problem that they are trying to solve as opposed to trying to sell them an ingredient, we are opening ourselves up to all sorts of new opportunities. What I also see is that if one takes a look at this commercial IP market and you have the large global companies, you have let's say large-size organizations, small and medium, there is really a tremendous opportunity in let's call it the smaller-large companies and the medium-sized companies all the way to small business that is not the exclusive domain or really the focus area of some of the more traditional IT companies in the universe. Not only is this space that I'm articulating a larger space, but it's I daresay a little bit less competed. So Dell tends to provide products and services across a broad range of customers, but that's really an area where you look at our acquisitions in the last few years, they have really been targeted with those customers in mind as kind of the design point. We have been able to sell them to the largest companies in the world and the smallest companies but this midmarket, if you will, is really a sweet spot for Dell not only in terms of growth and profitability. So getting to your question, I think we can continue to change the profile of the Company in terms of margins, operating profit, and we are on a pretty good path to do that. It's going to take continual organic and inorganic investment, but we're making some nice progress. We were chasing the demand. And I think we are feeling like we are starting to get out in front of it. But I will tell you the demand has continued to be strong. Well, it's a multi-dimensional equation. On the one hand, you have expectations of improvements in cost. And on the other hand, you have the sort of opportunity to grow, the addition of new products, new countries and new customer segments. And then you have the competitive overlay. We've been expanding rapidly throughout EMEA. And also I think it's fair to say that some of the Western European economies have slowed a bit, creating some pressure in that environment. But when we look at it on balance, we believe that our margins can certainly improve quite a bit in Europe. That has led, by the way, to six consecutive quarters of increasing margins. Yes, I think at the end of the day, it comes down to customer choice. None of us are only going to sell our products to one type of user or one type of system, whether it's hardware or software. We all want to create the largest market we can for our products. And that creates competition, which in turn is good for customers. I think you'll find that price points here are quite competitive -- in fact, quite a bit lower than competitors'. So that is a good thing for customers. Sure. If you look at the changes in the storage business, I think one of the most remarkable ones is the increase in gross margins dollars in this business. Certainly that comes from having more and more of our own IP. We have had a great success with EqualLogic. The EMC relationship continues. And, as we pointed out earlier this week, about 80% of the Dell/EMC relationship fits into the lower-end CLARiiON CX 120 product, the AX product, the NAS products and Data Domain, which are really products that we today do not have similar offerings for. So there is a strong relationship there that I think will continue for some time. Certainly there will be places where we choose to partner and places where we choose to compete, but we also see with this proposed 3PAR acquisition a great opportunity to grow the high end of our storage portfolio and continue to make this a rapidly growing part of Dell's overall business. I'll let you figure it out. But either one of those is relatively rapid. And you can see, our average selling prices are in some cases more than twice that of some of our competitors. Yes, I think it's a fair question. I think -- whenever you're re-starting growth, what I can tell you is that it's an imprecise process. And we certainly see some parts of our business where we were probably a bit too aggressive, and we're kind of modulating for that now. Well, I'll take the second part first. I think you could expect us to be quite competitive with others out there, but we're not here to disclose pricing specifically today. The first part of the question was on Tier 1 or Tier 2 opportunities. I don't think we have really changed our focus from what we outlined at the Analysts' Meeting in terms of our overall opportunities set. If you look at the Software and Peripherals business, which we have been talking about a fair bit, certainly within the realm of the consumer activity, a lot of these would fit into the area of Software and Peripherals. I think just add to that if you actually look in the quarter the growth actually in the U.S. was slightly less. I mean we've had positive growth quarter after quarter and it is building, but there's a little more modest growth actually in the U.S. than there was outside the U.S. So if you look at our premiums in the U.S., excluding consumer we had 20% unit growth. Still translated into 15% revenue growth. So we're pretty happy with that. And in consumer we had 26% unit growth, that actually translated into a little bit less revenue growth because of just the competitive nature of the consumer market. But I mean both those are pretty strong premiums to a market that was probably a little less robust than it was outside the U.S. So that's when you jump to Europe you can see where we're probably taking similar share like that but actually had unit growth above 30%. And revenue growth of 27%. I think one of the trends you see across the business is a pruning of the portfolio where we are taking out revenue that has no margin or very little margin associated with it, and you see that across many aspects of our different products and geographic segments. So what you saw is that those businesses improved their profitability in absolute dollars and margin percent sequentially while their revenue might have come down. Yes, we were actually growing in blades. Blades are a pretty concentrated business, so it's really kind of one-and-a-half competitors there. We have done some pretty interesting things. We have blades that have a 50% greater memory footprint than our competition. We use about 20% less power comparing our blades to our competitors, and so it's been a nice area of growth. And we also introduced a four-socket AMD blade and now, of course, with the Shanghai processor it's in a pretty good position. I think if I look at the business sequentially, comparing our business to key competitors, certainly our revenue growth was well ahead of competitors sequentially. We were 16% sequentially growth, and double-digit on units. Our competitors were not single -- were single digits on revenue. One was double-digit on units, and another with single digits on units. So we outgrew certainly on revenue. We are also playing this a little bit differently on the average selling price side. We are not participating in some of the less than profitable units. A couple things. We did have almost 37% share of the U.S. server opportunity which was a peak highest ever share for us and I think Dell was one of the first companies to embrace virtualization on the server front a couple of years ago, and it is also fair to say that the combination of virtualization on the server plus the storage and the addition of the EqualLogic offerings I think put a lot of focus with our sales organizations on driving enterprise success. A lot of training, a lot of additional solution resources, and then finally the last thing is I think we've had great success in clout computing both with the business software and service providers and a lot of the big internet companies that Dell I think has won a disproportionate percentage of the large web-driven opportunities and continue to be focused on that. So we were the only server company in the quarter to gain both revenue and unit share. Yes, I think what we're seeing is the replacement cycle actually accelerate a bit on servers. And the reason is that the gains in processor and the combination effect of what's going on in I/O and Solid State, Flash, the 10 gig, Romley, this is all allowing for much more intense virtualization loads. So we're super excited about our 12g server launch which is coming in the first quarter. Obviously virtualization is a big deal, we're simplifying systems management, really going after the bigger work loads and accelerating the movement of work from many computer and mainframe environments on to our 12g platforms. We also believe that Romley will help us more tightly drive a synergy with our recent Force10 acquisition. And so we've done a lot with Flash, with Solid State inside 12g, stay tuned for the announcements. But we're very excited and believe it's going to be another strong year for server storage and networking. Remember we're kind of changing the whole sail from being an individual product to effectively selling the entire data center. Absolutely. I think you can think about servers, storage, solutions. If you look in the quarter we had high teens sequential growth in servers and storage, 26% year-over-year growth in servers, 44% growth in revenues in EqualLogic. We are investing a lot in that whole incentive solutions layer in the infrastructure and efficient enterprise. And certainly shifting the capabilities of the salesforce. I think a big part of this past year was building those capabilities inside the sales organization to really go focus on the data center and solutions. Just another comment on this. The component costs typically do come down less in the second half of the year than they do in the first half of the year. And just coming back to an earlier question that was asked, the small to medium business is between roughly 10% to 15% of revenue depending on the region. We've introduced quite a number of notebooks so far this year. We have certainly much more to go. I think you will see a very active back-to-school season for Dell in notebooks, and we'll also be bringing out the Latitude E Series. Latitude is the best-selling line of commercial notebooks in the developed world and we have our best ever notebooks that -- best ever line of notebooks we ever produced, so very excited about those. Not at all. In fact we do integration with our own IP as well as with partner IP today. And you can actually -- I mean I think what's really key to us is that we can in fact bring a vertically integrated solution from Dell to our customers in small, medium and large customer spaces and we can preserve the choice that our customers want to make at every one of the layers. And I think that is a unique capability that we intend to preserve because we think it's what drives the best value for them. Well, a couple things in that, Tony. You did see continued improvement in our overseas business and so you saw benefits. Our one point of tax wasn't an accounting treatment, it was the fact that we made more money in our Asia and EMEA businesses where we have better tax treatments, and therefore, with that higher operating performance we had another $0.01 in earnings. So we beat the earnings by $0.01, we consider that an operational improvement, not a tax accounting improvement. So we did think we see it there. We do get into periods where we have very aggressive pricing in the holiday season, many people go after volume, the consumer wasn't there, and so people priced down, profitability wasn't great so we backed off. But that doesn't -- one robin doesn't make a spring, and so we don't look at one point and decide that's going to be the one data point that draws the trends from then on out. I don't think we're seeing anything dramatically different in component trends on an overall basis. There is always things kind of moving around one way or another, but generally component trends have been following a fairly predictable pattern. The bigger thing for us is the efforts to really design in exactly the components we need and not kind of more or less. I think that's going to be a bigger source of savings and improvement in our P&L. I think we're certainly paying a lot of attention to what the impact of that could be. So far, in the negotiations that we've had with these large retailers, I think there's a -- we're certainly doing it to increase the profitability of the consumer business and we believe it can do that. It does change the complexion somewhat because the cost structure of fulfilling an indirect or retail business is quite a bit lower. But, so far, the margins look pretty good. Scott, I think there's a couple of things that (inaudible) that they are trying to accomplish in this environment, and that is to continue to make investments in some of their enterprise solutions. A big piece of the EqualLogic investment and the investment in next-generation platforms is borne by the large enterprise group. As you know, they are very focused on making investments in their services portfolio and their enterprise solutions portfolio. So they are really committed to biting the bullet here and committed to those investments that they believe are going to pay off as the growth comes back. I will remind you that business was on a peak at about $5 billion quarterly rate and is down significantly to the current levels. So it's just now starting to come back. I mean what we are seeing is the beginnings of some improvement in demand in these commercial accounts and the first time in a number of quarters that we have seen sequential growth. So, as that sequential growth gradually comes back and hopefully it builds maybe through the middle of next year and into the back half of next year, that is when some of the operating margin leverage begins to kick in in those businesses. Great. Thank you. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. We have a meeting about every six weeks or so inside the Company where we bring together teams from around the world who bring us ideas. And we are constantly looking for ways that we can become a better company in all of these dimensions. So we are constantly looking at our materials, our supply base, all of the kind of lifecycle impacts and how we can get out in front of this. Yes, I would not be surprised to see it well into the teens. I think there is an aging installed base for sure. And you just have an accumulation of new technologies at the hardware, software, virtualized client, and these IT managers really know that they cannot extend the life of these client assets forever. And while I don't think it is all going to occur at once, I think it will be a rolling refresh that occurs over perhaps 18 months. I think a lot of these -- I cannot remember a time when a very high percentage of them skipped an entire operating system. And so what we remind them is that -- and they know this -- Windows XP is eight-years-old. So yes, I think it's going to be a pretty powerful cycle. I'll give you a simple example. You guys are familiar with ethernet chips, you know ethernet chip costs, you know, a couple dollars, right. Well, if you go and you look at network printers, the cost of a printer with ethernet and without ethernet, the difference for many competitors, I think of one in particular, is about $500. It just makes no sense. You've got these umbrellas that are established. So we just totally collapse them and say, well, you get your networking for free, you know, a couple dollars, throw it in. So it changes the market and that's what we're doing. Well, it's just one of the factors in the multi-dimensional equation. I wouldn't call it out as being particularly more significant than any other region. I mean, I think if I look at the situation in the second quarter, I think we'd have to say it was more self-inflicted. The J740 should be available. It should be on the site. We've met our synergy expectations around that in the first year of the integration. Maybe I will address the first piece a little bit about EqualLogic and have Don kind of talk about the process. What I would tell you is that we don't have an acquisition strategy. What we have is a growth strategy, and it is the five initiatives that I outlined. And so as our business leaders are driving those growth initiatives, they will find any number of ways to pursue that growth. It could be organic growth, it could be partnerships, it could be acquisitions. And so acquisitions is a tool that the team has to pursue. Yes, Toni, there's one possible scenario that you left out. And that is that Dell has a high share of the commercial space in Europe, but a very low share of consumer. And that's exactly what you'll find was the anomaly. In fact, we gained share in the commercial segment in Europe, and we are almost infinitesimally small in consumer in Europe. Well, it's certainly possible, but so far what we're seeing is that the corporate users tend to prefer the machines with larger screens. Even today, we offer corporate notebooks at the 12-inch, 13-inch, 14-inch, 15-inch, 17-inch screen. The most popular one is the 15-inch. And it's possible that there may be a move to smaller screens, but, the visualization of data is still very important to users, so we're just not seeing a lot of -- a lot of demand for that. Yes, the one thing that is - that we're focused on, as we focus on the higher profit areas of the client business, is XPS. And we continue to introduce new products there. We had 207% increase in our XPS notebook business this last quarter. And stay tuned for future product announcements. Sure, well, again, consistent with our kind of profit goals in consumer, which I mentioned earlier, that's kind of how we're targeting the changes in the supply chain and in the product designs. If you sort of said well, how many available outlets are there, it's probably three or four times the number we're in today. But it would be true that we've sort of gone to the more attractive ones earlier. But it would also be true that we're still growing within the ones that we're in. So we still have a long way to go and to grow in consumer retail expansion. On the commercial side, I think the interesting thing here is that the kind of operating margins are very consistent with the direct business. And this has to do with the shift in mix and the partners really bringing the Dell products to the -- tend to be more enterprise focused into new customer footprint that we haven't been in before. And so that's kind of the focus on the commercial side. We've got about 40,000 partners now globally. You launch the partner direct program at the end of 2007 and we're seeing our partnerships kind of grow and expand with a growing group of solution partners. Well, you know, the key area that comes to mind is in software and systems management and we put a tremendous amount of work into our Dell open manage suite, allowing customers to remotely manage the systems, and we've achieved great results. We're No. 1 in the United States market in Linux, and No. 2 worldwide in Linux, tracking exactly to our server market share. No, in the SMB and consumer. I think we are highly differentiated in SMB and we are finding that the acquisitions we are making have their fastest and first takeoff in SMB but also applicability to all of our commercial businesses. Well we hope they continue to take that approach to not understanding what we are doing. Point out that this is roughly a $20 billion business and growing pretty nicely. If you look at x86 servers, which are really the core of that business for us, we have achieved leading share in North America and we were the only Company among the top three to grow in every region of the world in that space. We are really innovating in the Enterprise without having to protect a legacy of mid-range and mainframe products and we believe that is a highly differentiated approach. And the combination of what we are doing in Networking, Storage, and the ability to combine those and manage those, I believe is resonating very well with our customers. So you saw last quarter's Servers and Networking grew 11% year-over-year. In particularly, a lot of success with our 12th generation PowerEdge, which is the crown jewel of portfolio. We have beat our competitors to market and in the highest volume category, we have really outdone our competitors here in terms of the capability of those products. So for example, we have a product right in the core of this product line that has 63% more storage capacity than our principal competitors. So you think about applications like Hadoop, Big Data or SharePoint, Exchange, all the growth in hosting activity and cloud activity that is going on with things like OpenStack, Dell is incredibly well-positioned to serve those customers. In fact, our DCS server business grew 126% year-over-year, which is markedly faster than overall markets. So I think we are very well-positioned in the Enterprise and our Services portfolio is very well aligned to help customers transition from those legacy architectures to x86. Yes, I think it's a fair question. I think -- whenever you're re-starting growth, what I can tell you is that it's an imprecise process. And we certainly see some parts of our business where we were probably a bit too aggressive, and we're kind of modulating for that now. Well, our belief is that we've been growing faster than the industry for a couple of quarters now. We believe that will continue. Of course, a bigger question is what's the industry growth going to be? A lot of moving parts there and we don't quite frankly know. We have a good sense for what our demand picture is. And all the indications we have tell us, with the products we have and the efforts we're putting forth, we'll continue to grow faster than the industry. We'll do great. Server revenues were up 19% year over year. We don't particularly think units are a great way to measure the server business, particularly with virtualization. We are more focused on the profit and the revenue with servers, not the units. We're transforming the constitutional structure of the Company with a view towards pretty big savings, and so, as we make these changes our total costs should come down to deliver products. That's why we're doing it, that's kind of what we're seeing. So -- and we do believe we have pretty good leverage in those discussions. Well, we're driving on attach approach certainly on the attached driven services which are significant for us. But we're also driving more of the business to managed services. We keep winning some pretty substantial client managed services opportunities, which are giving us some annuity streams and some stickiness inside these customers. And again, kind of using the assets that we acquired to shift the business in that direction. And the infrastructure consulting side is growing as well. That's important for us as we sell more complex product solutions. So we certainly want to move more towards services and it's a big focus for our teams. So if you want the first-quarter guidance you got to wait for the end of the fourth-quarter call. Yeah, I think if you - you know, if you look at margins again, and if I just take - if you take the condition of the quarter, here we're still in a really tough economic environment. We had component costs stabilize, and in some cases actually go up probably for the first time in a couple of years. So with us in that setting, in a tough pricing environment, for us to keep gross margins very similar to what they are just shows you how well, you know, this model really works and how we can pass on costs whether they increase or not. So I think what we look at, though, with component costs actually declining, I would expect that we'll see some, you know, uplift to our margins over the - you know, over the next - over the next quarter or so. I think if you look at it from a size of opportunity, they are both quite large opportunities. We have different opportunities across the different businesses, and we are pursuing them independently, and we think they can both deliver nice growth in returns. Kimberly, there is another factor here, which is if you - if we look at the last, you know, several months of activity from large customers, you know, the - these companies have gone through this large merger and have really been avoided by customers. We've seen, at the final round, it's really - they haven't really gotten to the final round in many cases. And so the confusion factor has really played into our being able to capture market share. And also remember that, you know, the last 18 months, we've captured unprecedented new customers, and as we go through the process of building up those relationships and selling them a full portfolio of products and services, our - our market share, in effect, within those customers is a, you know, driver of growth. And you can see, our average selling prices are in some cases more than twice that of some of our competitors. As well as data networking products. You know, what we've seen so far is that there have been a number of large RFPs and we've actually won quite a few. But they've been delayed in deployment because of the kind of state of the economy and budgets. You know, we are certainly expecting, as the economy is kind of stabilizing, even some signs of improvement that more of those wins that have occurred will start to go from kind of one to actually being deployed. What the process looks like next year, I don't think we really have any way of knowing at this stage. As Brian said, it will depend on kind of larger economic factors. But we do know that after a certain period of time, people replace their machines and there is a large installed base. The average life has extended, and whenever you get an alignment of technology as powerful as this, and an old install base, we have reason to believe that there will be a strong refresh. Steve, where - you know, we expect that we're going to get the most amount of share in servers. But let me go through a couple of things here. I think in terms of pricing, one of the key determinants here is going to be, you know, whether or not the company in question takes a large charge, and how large that charge is, and whether shareholders tolerate that charge being used to sell products at below cost to perpetuate a business which essentially makes no profit. If, on the other hand, the company's objective is to be profitable, we think that only is a positive outcome for Dell. The education corridor is off to a very strong start. I haven't really seen any big changes there. On the enterprise side, memory footprints have expanded considerably as virtualization has become a bigger part of the demand. Yes, Maynard, we don't really talk about -- those are competitive discussions, and actually we would rather not talk about that. So I think what you have is pretty much all we are going to talk about. I think IT spending is still an enormous driver of productivity. And we would expect a reasonably healthy spend environment. And certainly we're indexing our solutions and activity around those things where there is strong appetite. If you look at our business, the Enterprise segment is growing very nicely, Services are growing very nicely. Servers and networking, we had a 13% increase in the quarter. Very strong growth in networking, 43% without the Force10 acquisition and 83 with Servers, which is a very core part of our business, is up 12%. And Services was up 10%. So, we feel in a $3 trillion industry there's plenty of opportunity for us to grow and grow our profits. Well, I think, with the magnitude of growth that we're seeing, I think you'll see OpEx dollars ultimately growing and scaling with the business, once we get it to the right level. I think Chrome is not really carved out of a definitive space, and I think of more HTML 5 is an interesting future state for let's call it a less-less device. Now, that's kind of what Chrome is, but if you think about it in the context of HTML 5, it doesn't have to be Chrome; it could be lots of things. I don't hazard a guess on that. Well, as I said earlier, I think the mission-critical data center activity has been high, and the (inaudible) processor brought out the virtualization wave in a big way because it accelerated the number of servers you could virtualize on one platform. We have been particularly strong with our Blade offering, with our data center system solutions, with our storage offering. We think our 11g combined server and really management solution that goes with that is a fantastic offering that is really resonating with customers, and it is a place where there is a bias for investment inside these accounts. We have also done particularly well I think in some of the mega-buildouts of the 25 largest Web farms in the world. I think we captured disproportionate share there with the DCS business. In fact, that business, if it were a stand-alone business, would probably be the third largest x86 server provider in the US in the fourth quarter, surpassing another brand with three letters. We are a long-term focused company. But we don't want to jump into very many businesses as all of them will cause us any dilution. And certainly with our cash flow focus, we expect every business to be generating positive cash flows. What I was characterizing for you is we are going to try to model each piece of these business and manage the targets. But we expect them all to be positive. The partner business is running at about a $12 billion annual run rate. We've got about 23,000 partners in the Americas at about 43,000 globally. We've got PartnerDirect, the partner program running basically all across the world now. And it's a compelling program. It's easy for these partners to sign up; they take advantage of our build-to-order capabilities. They're taking advantage of our services. We're seeing a healthy mix of products with these customers. They tend to sell our enterprise products. And so that's going pretty well. No, we will continue to sell Microsoft products also. If it's op income neutral and we can expand our footprint rapidly, then we're sort of indifferent on the commercial side. And so we're watching that very carefully to make sure that the P&L stays healthy. But we're seeing pretty good acceptance from these VAR partners and it's growing nicely for us. Yeah, we haven't mentioned PowerConnect a lot, but we've sold PowerConnect switches to 50,000 customers now. It's a whole lot of business customers if you think about networking and the proliferation of these is getting out there. I think there are all kinds of moving parts here. We are providing a lot of infrastructure to leading public cloud providers. We see the ones that provide let's say infrastructure as a service. As customers get larger, we are often seeing them move off of let's say getting Dell through a public cloud and they just get Dell through Dell. You know, some risk that some of the ODM suppliers provide to some of the larger ones. I don't know percentage of that, of the overall consumption that's likely to be. There are all kinds of difficulties and risks associated with doing that. As an end customer, you have to be willing to test and validate and take on a certain set of new requirements and liabilities and don't really see a lot of customers signing up for that. So the server market continues to be a very broadly dispersed market where you have large numbers of end points where servers and storage infrastructure are deployed. I am not convinced you're going to see a rapid or dramatic change in that. We don't see it all going in one direction, because there are plenty of challenges around security and data protection that have to be dealt with that maybe aren't today served in what's known as the public cloud. Again, terms get used so much that they don't really mean a whole lot. When you talk to most commercial customers, what they'll sort of tell you is I want a secure private cloud. Whether it's in their data center or our data center or somebody else's data center is sort of a function of a variety of variables. We don't really see a lot of large companies or even mid-sized companies going kind of wholesale to a public cloud environment. Not to say that there aren't applications or certain use cases where it may or may not make sense, but what percent of the servers being produced do you think go into a public cloud? I think one of the trends you see across the business is a pruning of the portfolio where we are taking out revenue that has no margin or very little margin associated with it, and you see that across many aspects of our different products and geographic segments. So what you saw is that those businesses improved their profitability in absolute dollars and margin percent sequentially while their revenue might have come down. I think what Don is saying, we haven't identified one that won't have a negative cash conversion cycle. Yes, you know, as we said, it is a bit of a tougher environment for us in EMEA in public. In terms of the scale of our business, we have a much bigger public business in the US and in North America. So despite the fact that it is a bit of a challenging environment in EMEA, the overall impact on our public business will not be that big, and we would be obviously much more heavily weighted towards the US public sector. -- and that's been going on for a year-over-year basis for a long time. As we continue to change out the portfolio, Q1 was a dramatic changeout, and high confidence in our ability to grow storage margins and revenue going forward. Well, virtual desktop is an option for many customers. We are working hard to make that a more viable option. We have a full next-generation client architecture solution set to go drive that. I would say the virtual client is still in a very nascent stage of adoption and not seeing widespread adoption yet of that. But we would be happy to and we have good solutions for it. As far as the tablet goes, we think there is obviously a lot of interest and excitement around tablets. We are working on a number of new tablet products that we will be coming out with next year to kind of cover all of the opportunities we see in both the commercial and consumer segments for tablets. Yes, I mean the information that we have would say that it's kind of moved out in the nine month to a year range. So it's a pretty big push-out. And that would say if you get the right combination of new product cycle and Intel's got a very interesting one coming, Microsoft's got a very interesting one coming. There's a number of other factors that you could ignite a powerful refresh cycle and that's what we're planning for. Yes, and the results clearly point to that. I mean, if you look at the Enterprise Solutions and Services in SMB were up 17%. It was led by Services which were up 23% in SMB, and we are bolstering the kind of offerings that those customers will latch on to quickly. In backup, replication, network security with the SonicWALL acquisition, so we are feeling confident in our ability to expand that part of the Business. The J740 is a single-function printer. You should see those on the site. We have had some printers where we've sold more than we anticipated. So we may have done some tactical things with kind of promotions. But what did you mean by single function? I don't think we really know. We do know that we have a large installed base and we have pervasive customer relationships, and certainly we've built the product lines to go serve that up. There is a significant amount of activity among community hospitals, for example, in the United States that are implementing hospital information systems, and we have leading share in that sector and we think there's going to be very robust environment for that kind of IT activity. Thank you, Robin, for your comments. As you know, we continually engage in dialogue with yourself and others around the world and are very in tune with these issues. And I would encourage those of you who haven't read our corporate responsibility report to take a look at the things that we're doing. In terms of our suppliers, I think one of the most important things that Dell has done here is to lead in the creation of essentially a standard way for suppliers in our industry to get on board and conform with the environmental and social responsibility requirements that we see, the Electronics Industry Coalition that Dell has been a key driver in. I can tell you that given the nature of our material supply, while we haven't given you the list, it's substantially the same as the list of our competitors. So you wouldn't see any big surprises there, but I take the point. In terms of recycling, Dell has been absolutely a leader in recycling. We're the only one still to offer free recycling and we've recovered hundreds of millions of pounds of equipment and we continue to also host, in conjunction with community organizations, efforts to not only raise visibility but to take back this product. In terms of the legislation, one of the things that we are very interested in is legislation that doesn't create an additional cost that we have to then extend to the consumer. So having one legislation as opposed to each city, state, each municipality coming up with its own approach would certainly be valuable. Thank you. The industry has a variety of subcontractors and relationships. We don't disclose the nature of our supply relationships for our products and don't plan to start doing it now. Well, you know, because we are 80% kind of commercial and 20% consumer we would probably first think about it from a commercial standpoint. And what I would tell you is I think for those customers that have not kicked off a refresh cycle, the Sandy Bridge is a great entry point. We are already having those discussions now. We're seeing a lot of customers planning as that kind of being the entry point. I think it does -- it will excite the consumer base as well with the new grade of graphics performance and some of the new capabilities there. So we see very nice things in terms of the product cycle. They're being a bit more careful about how they start to book -- to bring those signings on. And so, again, you have got a good consistent level of signings on trailing 12-month basis that has been consistently just below $2 billion. So that should begin to filter into the business. Yes, I guess I'll let Steve answer the services question. I think it's -- clearly there are lots of areas where we have room to grow in the services business and places we're going to make investments to expand beyond the current footprint we have in services. So that's got to be a big part of the answer in terms of how we grow faster than the market. What I think about is the ROI for the customer. And if we can create a higher ROI for the customer, we're going to cause that transition to occur. As it turns out, when a customer virtualizes a client environment, that's going to move to a Dell EqualLogic storage, a Dell PowerEdge server, a Dell PowerConnect switch, oftentimes services. And we may even provide that as a kind of desktop as a service over a multiyear contract. Yes, there could be less revenue, but there will be more margin associated with that, and a much bigger moat around that business. And our share of the server business is higher than the client business. And so, we think that is a better tradeoff for us. The other thing I would tell you is that when new things that come along that are very valuable for customers, you get in the way of them are your own peril. So, we absolutely believe that technologies like 10 gigabit Ethernet accelerated by things like data center bridging can really enhance the kind of x86 standard platforms that Dell is a leader in today, accelerate iSCSI adoption. And I would be thrilled to see a faster adoption of desktop virtualization, which also opens up the possibility for all kinds of new devices to be connected to this client virtualization. I think we have a goal of, clearly, increasing the Company's earnings per share. Last year we did that by 15%. Our intent is to grow it again this year and next year and the year after. I'm not going to give you a percentage of what that's going to be. What I'll also tell you is that we are moving aggressively to make all of the changes that we talked about, and some of those will involve charges that will occur as we make those changes. We are not slowing down the pace of making the changes so as not to incur charges. We're managing the business as if we owned the entire thing, and we wish we did. Thank you. We sell the Dell Streak now at -- we started in Europe. Well, having an efficient supply chain is usually a good thing in component costs, although there can be particular periods where it's not quite as good. On average, it's certainly better than having an inefficient supply chain. The component market is still pretty tight. And I think we're in the midst of a cycle here where the firms are kind of reloading and reinvesting in capital to build capacity, which is absolutely needed. Now, there was a period where capital investment was really not there and, as a symbiotic relationship with these firms, it's critical that they make the investments. The amount of capacity we need and the whole industry needs is substantial. If they make no new capital investments, well, then we all have a big problem. I think there were selected areas where we were probably more aggressive than we should have been. Yeah, the printer business is going quite well. Our printer shipments were up almost 100% on a sequential quarter-on-quarter basis. So we've shipped little over 2 million printers now to date. We launched our A960 product which is an all-in-one product with a dedicated fax. We have double-digit market share in the multi-function inkjet market in the U.S. now. And ink replenishment is going very well, as was mentioned earlier. And the usage is about as we would expect. On the laser side, we're making some very good progress. We've got new products in the form of the 5300 and the work group laser. We've got some great awards with these laser products. PC World named the 5200N as the best buy product. We're starting to see some fleet sales with kind of thousands and hundreds unit business with larger customers and, of course, the toner replenishment is an easier thing with large customers as they tend to stock it. But our ink replenishment, we're able to ship 99.8% of these orders the same day. So we've basically -- remember that because we sell directly to the customer we don't pay a retailer for any cost or mark up to sell our cartridges. So that's a differential on our model versus others, that is a pretty key difference in the economics of this. So we've expanded the technology partnerships. You'll see additional products throughout the course of the year. And feeling good about our trajectory. We've got a lot more printers to sell this year. We also expanded into Europe and into Asia here this year. So you'll see those additional Markups start to add to the volume. Yes, I think it's a fair question. I think -- whenever you're re-starting growth, what I can tell you is that it's an imprecise process. And we certainly see some parts of our business where we were probably a bit too aggressive, and we're kind of modulating for that now. I've got another question. How many of your employers will buy you a smart phone, a tablet, and a PC? Okay. Those of you who have your hands up, how many of you work in organizations with more than 500 people? One, two, three, 3.5 maybe? So this -- so I was at a bank earlier today, the biggest or one of the biggest, and meeting with the CIO and a bunch of the folks there. They're not going to buy three devices for every person. You look at the tablet, you say, well, what is a tablet? What job does the tablet do that the Notebook didn't do? There are a lot of things there. One thing is that the tablet is much lighter, much better battery life; there's all these sort of things. The Notebook, it just screwed up. Notebook could have done such a better job. So why did that happen? Well, power management, light weight. You can actually make a better Notebook that gets closer to the tablet. We're still going to do tablets, and tablets are a very viable form factor, but I think there are many ways to kind of learn from this in terms of how does the Notebook get better? Because let's say you had a tablet that also had a keyboard. Keyboards don't weigh very much, so that's pretty interesting. So I think as ARM shows up on Android and Windows, in small low-power devices, I think you're going to have a pretty exciting environment here. But put it in perspective. We will ask the expert here. How many tablets do you think Apple will sell this year? And external storage was stronger than internal storage, but as you - as you point out, they were both pretty strong. I think you'll see relatively rapid improvement. No one is happy with the results in Europe, including the -- and probably most especially the Europe team. And I think in driving growth in a business, and the European business is growing, it's a portfolio of different products, different services, different countries, different customer sets. And the teams are cast with managing that portfolio. In the second quarter, they did not do a particularly good job. I think we understand what occurred, I think we know what -- how it occurred and how do we prevent that in future quarters. Great. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We will speak again with you soon. Well, let's talk about, for R&D, we've not forecasted down to the OpEx line item, so I don't know if we can kind of give you that number. Our goal is still to put most of our R&D, or the bulk of it, towards the enterprise products and to mobility products. We've got a very, very large PC business, desktop business, which kind of scales nicely off of a somewhat fixed rate of R&D. So the growth will come probably somewhat commensurate with what we do on the overall enterprise front. My simple answer would be I don't think so. I think there's certainly lots that we can do to grow our enterprise business with services and product without growing the software. One of the sort of dangers of a transformational acquisition among the many dangers of a transformational acquisition, particularly in the software world, would be that there are also some other software companies out there that have quite significant roles in the industry. And being aligned with them has many great benefits. So, for example, if you take the topic of systems management or virtualization or any number of sort of hot topics in the enterprise where we would be quite closely aligned with Microsoft, for example, or EMC, we think there are real benefits to Dell to being quite closely aligned with those companies. That is against our competitors' strategies who have sort of a, well, when it works, it works, and -- but, that's not really our intent because we're competing head-to-head on these sort of core elements, so pretty different approach. And there's plenty that we can do in services and growing the reigns of things we do for customers by being, in effect, a great integrator of all the hardware, all the software, all the services together. Well, we are pleased with the Perot acquisition and believe that is a great platform for us. I would say most of our focus would be on smaller targets than Perot. So you should not be surprised to see a portfolio of small to midsized acquisitions that we think add capability along the themes that we have talked about in terms of solutions and delivering -- bringing best ID solutions to our customers. Thank you very much, Steve. Now we've talked about how you can simplify your environment, we've talked about different ways to save. I think there's another one that is pretty relevant and pretty significant. That's the idea of going green. It's not a new concept but it really builds efficiency into your business. Recent survey showed that the number one reason for companies driving for green IT adoption was really to reduce operating costs. And for every one kilowatt of electricity used to power IT, ten kilowatts are saved in the traditional economy. This is brought about by all the things that we're very well aware of, telecommuting, online transactions, multi-tenant systems, virtualization. And at Dell, we're certainly doing our part with the greenest technology products in the industry. We've saved our customers almost $3 billion in energy costs with products that use less energy. So this notebook that I pointed to earlier uses about $6 to $7 of energy per year compared to a traditional desktop of a few years ago using about $120 per year of energy. Pretty significant savings. We're also the first IT company to be carbon neutral and we achieved that about six months ahead of schedule. But this really isn't enough. I think we can do more and we must do more. And the ReGeneration is committed to it. Take a look. (Video Plays and Ressumption of Session) Now we're very proud to have Marc and Salesforce as members of the ReGeneration and participating in our plant a tree program. And you too can make a difference. If you want to join the ReGeneration today, you go to the site, regeneration.org, you can click on a box to let us know you were here at Dreamforce and all attendees who join by Friday have the opportunity to win of these new, one of two new Dell Latitude E6400s. So summarizing here, yes, there are challenging times but these are also times that represent incredible opportunity like that kinds of opportunities we've discussed today. Winning companies and organizations are the ones that are going to tak action now so they can emerge much stronger. Dell and Salesforce are doing this together. And we hope you'll join us. Our top priority is to serve our customers. And certainly you can count on us now and you can count on years from now. Thank you very much for your business and your support. And feel free to contact us. There's my email address and you can contact us at our booth as well. Yes. The smartphone and the tablet feel more accretive to us. And one indication of this is that you can't actually activate those devices unless you have a PC. That's kind of one interesting aspect of most of those products. It also appears that some of these products are creating entirely new usage and usage models that didn't exist before. There's always some cannibalization, but it feels like more market expansion to us. We also, importantly, participate in the data serving and data storing and data protecting aspect that occurs as there are enormous numbers of these devices. So, if you think about sort of from the commercial side, salesforce.com runs on Dell. Major search engines, the social networking, gaming platforms, those kind of things often run on Dell platforms. And as there's an explosion in the amount of data that has to be stored and processed and protected, that is kind of a data center opportunity. But, if you look at the kind of small mobile device, let's say smartphones and other related things, there are five billion people in the world that have cell phones. And perhaps 2% of those are what most people would characterize as smartphones. So, you have 98% aren't smartphones. And it looks like over the next five years you're going to have an enormous wave of growth there. So, that drives expansion of this data. It has to be served up by lots of companies in the content business, and the companies that feed that data are often running on our platforms. There's also a play for us with Android and Windows Mobile in the devices themselves in the origination of mobile contracts for customers to use those devices, and also fleet sales. So, think about the thousands of hospitals that we're engaged in and the desire for these hospitals to affiliate physicians who don't actually work for the hospital but are the source of revenue for the hospital. So, we're creating these affiliated physician networks. And the hospitals have a desire to give the physician a device that sort of electronically connects the doctor to the hospital to the electronic medical record to the health information system, and we run all those systems and it becomes kind of a fleet offering. In a similar vein, the whole desktop virtualization offers the opportunity to say to the client, well, okay, your desktop is now virtualized. Well, how would you like it, right? Would you like a three-inch device or a four-inch device or a five-inch device, or seven or ten or 15? Or, would you like two 30-inch screens or would you like a combination of those? Thank you, Marc. You know, that is a good question. We're right in the middle of that right now, and I will tell you there's a lot of cost to take out. Probably a good thing for us to tee up for the analyst meeting in April to give you a sense for some of the changes we're making there. Yes. Sequentially, notebook ASP's are down. I'm not sure where you got the fact that they weren't. Well, great. I'm sure we'll see you next year. What I would also tell you is that we are constantly in discussions with our shareholders and very attuned to the concerns and issues that shareholders have. Since our last shareholders meeting our stock has appreciated 1.8% in a tough market where the market indices have been down about 14%. So thank you all for joining us today. We have a bit of a video we'd like to share with you before we completely close the meeting so why don't we roll the video which will give you some thoughts about the regeneration which is a movement that Dell is leading we believe to empower people who are committed to saving the planet. So please consider joining the movement at regeneration.org. I don't think we're seeing anything dramatically different in component trends on an overall basis. There is always things kind of moving around one way or another, but generally component trends have been following a fairly predictable pattern. The bigger thing for us is the efforts to really design in exactly the components we need and not kind of more or less. I think that's going to be a bigger source of savings and improvement in our P&L. I think one of the very intriguing things about Perot Systems is that it has built a fairly significant next-generation kind of services capability, which is in line with the remote infrastructure management vision that we have articulated. And we believe that the asset is sized enough such that as we evolve this we can really make it a very different kind of services company than some of the more traditional ones out there. So certainly there will be some of the more conventional type opportunities that we will participate in, either company has independently participated in. But our real intent is to build a new set of capabilities that are really based on more IP and more remote infrastructure management. I will address the services question. I think on -- one of the things that we are seeing is an increased win rate in a number of parts of the business, as our solutions capability, both real and perceived, has substantially increased here. So in terms of building that internationally, we do have some footprint and capability that can be leveraged, but there is a lot to do here both organically and inorganically to extend the platform. Some of these services can be delivered in a remote fashion; some can be delivered as SKUs that are attached to products, which is a great engine for us. And it is where you see this deferred services balance continue to grow, and that is quite healthy margins for us. We have also integrated our own IT organization into Dell Services, and that gives us a global platform of capability that we are going to extend rapidly out to customers. So as we look at Brazil and China, India, there are significant opportunities to take those Dell Services capabilities and extend them globally. That would be great. Containerized data centers. We -- we don't think, we know. We -- yes, we don't think about those things, we know because we sell them directly to the user and we know exactly how many cartridges they buy so we know -- we know the answer to that question and the answer is yes. Bundled printers have lower consumables than non-bundled printers. And on a gross margin basis, I think almost two-thirds of our gross margin now comes from server storage network services software peripherals. So from that standpoint, the epicenter of the Company has really shifted in terms of profitability to these other areas and away from the PC which is now only about a third of the Company's margin. On smart phones and tablets, we were very pleased to introduce the new Venue and Venue Pro which are Android and Windows Mobile 7 based 4.1 inch products. You'll see us enter the 10-inch tablet space with both Android, Honeycomb and Windows later on this year. And we think those will be reasonable platforms for us to participate more broadly in this space. We have also rolled out services for mobility because we see many customers really looking to integrate these mobility solutions into their environments and that is a source of demand inside our services unit and we're very focused on helping customers address those needs. Yes, what we see is the blades are often associated with large transactions, which include deployment services, virtualization services, EqualLogic storage, Dell EMC storage, really integrated programs that are a lot stickier for us, and getting us much more into the kind of solutions that we're really targeting. No, haven't really pulled back on any product launches. We've certainly vectored our product development and marketing organizations to things that align closely with customer needs, so that would go right to savings, and productivity, virtualization, those technologies that are going to yield immediate savings for customers. Yes, I will just put it into a little context. The gross margin dollars in storage are up on a year-over-year basis almost as much as the EqualLogic revenues are up. I think we'll look across the business and look for where we think the best opportunities are. Clearly, we have a much broader product portfolio than they've started out with. We're learning how to do business with them. They're learning how to do business with us and as we get that going, we'll extend it into more regions and broader product categories. I think when you look at our server and storage portfolio in particular, we think there are lots of opportunities to expand distribution. Well, just to be clear, we do have some retail inventory. Our channel partners tend to have very, very little inventory, most of them pass through inventory directly from our, factories and contract manufacturer factories directly to the end point of use. So, any -- the inventory we would have in the channel, we've been, monitoring, measuring that very, very carefully, to avoid, the inherent risks that present themselves there, and I think we're doing a fine job there. Yes, I mean the information that we have would say that it's kind of moved out in the nine month to a year range. So it's a pretty big push-out. And that would say if you get the right combination of new product cycle and Intel's got a very interesting one coming, Microsoft's got a very interesting one coming. There's a number of other factors that you could ignite a powerful refresh cycle and that's what we're planning for. Yes, mix is occurring in that business, and there is also a bias towards the emerging countries where we saw, for example, in China a 20% sequential growth, and in India, I believe, it was 26% sequential growth. So BRIC countries, revenues grew double digits. On a year-over-year basis, India was 68%. China was 16%. We see a lot of opportunity with new business formation in those countries and our direct access to those customers allowing us to provide a full suite of products and services and solutions. Well, it's just one of the factors in the multi-dimensional equation. I wouldn't call it out as being particularly more significant than any other region. I think we can definitely do more there. What I'd also tell you is that the line that separates what the server and what the storage is not as clear as it might have been a few years ago. If you look at our 12th generation servers you'll notice that they have enormous disk capacities. And so you're seeing large amounts of storage show up inside the server itself, but 12G is certainly strong. Storage was not as strong as we'd like, and there's definitely room to grow that faster. I also think we are seeing a pretty material shift in the way we are conversing with our customers. So we used to kind of start the conversation around the box, and we're moving the conversation much more to solutions. And so as we get deeper vertical expertise and understanding about customer requirements that is giving us a much healthier opportunity to drive up the margin stack. And you're seeing that certainly in the Commercial businesses and where we continue to add more and more horizontal and vertical solutions into the mix. Yes, one of the things we're working with the Board on is implementing a portion of the executive compensation and bonus plans for the Company to be tied to our cash flow performance. No. They're kind of spots where we're looking for one capacitor or another, but in aggregate, no the HTDs are in good shape. Yes, I think it's a fair question. I think -- whenever you're re-starting growth, what I can tell you is that it's an imprecise process. And we certainly see some parts of our business where we were probably a bit too aggressive, and we're kind of modulating for that now. You know, when we survey our field teams and talk to CIOs out there, this is what we hear. And I think -- it's not 2010. And it hasn't started yet. And certainly, there are risks here. Customers may look at Windows 7 and say, well, maybe I will wait or it has a problem or not good enough. Everything we see right now tells us it's actually quite positive. And we also think there is an overlooked piece of this that most people haven't paid attention to, and that is Office 2010. And for those of you who are into this sort of thing, you might go check it out. Yes, I mean, as we have said, we're going to have a bit of a -- disciplined and we will be patient in that approach to thinking about M&A, but we are also going to make organic investments in the business. And as we have done over the last several quarters, we will continue with a relatively modest buyback program as well. So pretty disciplined with that approach right now. Thank you, Brian. While we are in the midst of a significant transformation in our business, we remain biased towards expanding profitability and cash flow generation. Overall adjusted operating income without organizational effectiveness and amortization of intangibles was 5.8%. Our public and small/medium businesses operated with 9.5% operating income, and we believe we have opportunities in large enterprise as the growth returns to that business and as we accelerate our enterprise solutions including services. Free cash flow year-to-date was $2.9 billion and was $3.9 billion over the last four quarters, and we are focused on expanding our returning revenue and profit streams with a differentiated view of how to win in the enterprise. Storage and server revenues were up 5% sequentially as we continue to bring our customers an expanding portfolio of best value enterprise solutions. EqualLogic grew 31% year-over-year with a strong pipeline heading into Q4, including demand for our recently launched PS4000 virtualized storage array. We have now added over 10,000 new customers to the EqualLogic platform, bringing us almost 15,000 customers, and we continue to invest in the R&D, the solutions and the sales resources to expand this platform. We continue to make progress in the data center. Our Data Center Solutions group achieved record revenue with triple digit growth both sequentially and year-over-year. This brings our total share in the United States for x86 servers to an industry-leading 38% in the most recent quarter. We are also excited to welcome the Perot team and the platform that this provides with now a combined Dell services business of $8 billion in annual revenue with $13 billion in combined backlog and deferred services revenue. Together the expanded Dell Services supports approximately 30 million computer systems and manages over 2 million seats. In healthcare we have over 2500 accounts but just 130 overlap. Overall we see significant opportunities to grow horizontally, vertically and by geography, and we will discuss this in much more detail in our call next month. We also expanded two key partnerships in networking with Juniper and Brocade, and we remain on track with our cost optimization activities and remain committed to target investments in the business to bolster our enterprise capabilities. Our third-quarter OpEx was down nearly $200 million versus the third quarter of the prior year and down over $400 million versus the third quarter of '08 with also very significant progress in COGS. Now let me turn it over to the operator for questions. Questions and Answers So Bill, to clarify, you are asking if there were vendor-based incentives that benefited gross margins? PowerConnect business has been growing very nicely with attractive margins and that's a business we've developed largely organically. We have some partners there as well, but the organic portion has attractive margins and it's an area where we are investing pretty heavily in. Okay. So just to close here, let's just review where we are. So far this year earnings per share for the Company are up 6%, and Dell has a great balance sheet. We have strong customer relationships. We have a strong brand. We expanding the mix of products and services that we have focused on the enterprise. The execution of Dell is improving. This is going to allow us to continue to deliver solid profitability. Customers are really focused on value right now. That's really plays to Dell's core strength, and I think we have some opportunities to seize on here that our competitors can't. We're clearly choosing profit over growth, but we also believe the changes we're making to our cost structure will allow us to achieve both over time. So thanks very much, and we look forward to talking with you again soon. You know, the whole notion of a year-end budget flush has never really been the case for -- for our products as far as we can tell. I -- there may be some high ticket items where that is applicable but we just don't really see that. You know it's really hard for a company to say, yeah, just send us another 10,000 computers and we'll just kind of, you know, leave them around, even though we don't need them. It just doesn't make any sense. We just don't really see a lot of end user activity that is really done in that way. And quite frankly, we discourage customers from -- from, you know, trying to, you know, buy product that they don't need to try to store it. We like to deliver it exactly when they need it. You know, one other point back on Japan, the IT companies in Japan are still in the -- for the most part, really struggling. Okay. Virtualization - we've been very involved in virtualization. I think we're about a third of VMWare's business. And any time we smell virtualization, we get very excited because it's a big opportunity in the data center, consolidation, for storage. There's particular types of storage that -- opportunities that immerge around virtualization is very attractive. You're going to start to see us come out with servers that are particularly tuned for virtualization here very soon. I think what you see is real changes in where computing is occurring. So, if you think about the way you might use the Internet over the course of an hour today versus five years ago, you're consuming a whole lot more servers and storage. And so, there are certain types of -- certain parts of the market where server growth is enormous. And that's enabled by virtualization. We also believe if it can be done, it will be done. And we might as embrace it and kind of help make it happen. So, my view is that computing power actually all gets consumed. It shows up in different places. You'll hear later today from Mark from Salesforce.com. As he adds customers, he buys more Dell servers. So, that's all a good thing. On the desktop, technologies like VDI, [Ardents] and others, we pay a lot of attention to those. There are seven or eight different ways you can do thin clients or virtualized desktops or whatever you want to call it. There is one answer for all customers. And rarely, do you see a kind of wholesale conversion across a company. You see sort of pockets of use of these inside companies. It's also true that a faster movement toward mobile computing is a bit of an offset towards a thin client or virtualized desktop because you don't always have a persistent or high speed connection with a low latency with a mobile computer. So, we have to pay close attention to any kind of virtualized desktop environment because we have such a strong portfolio and a client. But, really, when you think about the virtualized client, you should think about the server and the storage because it's really just shifting the cost into a cloud, into a data center. And that's where we're real focused on making sure we've got not only the product, but the solutions and service that go around that. On the $199 PCs, haven't seen too many of those. I don't think there's a huge incentive to go build a lot of those. I also think you still have the issue of what does it do? Can we make a computer for $199? Sure. But, what does it do? Is that what people want? I'm not convinced there'd be a ton of volume there. I am not sure I understand the question but I don't think so. That's absolutely right. We continue to go further in that direction and we wouldn't be surprised to see that number go up. They're being a bit more careful about how they start to book -- to bring those signings on. And so, again, you have got a good consistent level of signings on trailing 12-month basis that has been consistently just below $2 billion. So that should begin to filter into the business. You know, I think the dynamics are consistent with what we talked about in the third quarter for consumer. It's -- you know, there are multiple sources of revenue and margin in that business. They can be a little bit more lumpy. I think the way to think about profitability there is that, we generated a 1.2% OpInc for the year, which is a great improvement over where we were the year before and we continue to track and improve that business and our target is, as we've said, 2% of the short-term and I think we've made progress there. The team has done a great job taking costs out of the consumer business, there's no question. And I think the retail equipment footprint expansion and top line growth in the quarter was pretty good. Well, I'd say the word that comes to mind is attack. I mean we're on the attack in the BRIC countries and we're going to grow there. We see a lot of opportunities to grow in all of those countries and I'm pretty happy with our progress in the core BRIC. When we get to kind of the next ten or next 15, that's an area of increasing attention for us. We've done better in China and India and Brazil that than some of the others. But we still see big opportunity there and would view ourselves as a consolidator in those new markets. Yes, I think there's a number of things that go on in notebooks. For one, you have a whole array of things that gets sold along with the notebook, which are unique and often -- are really always sold by the channel. In our case, of course, we're the channel so we have an opportunity to sell all of those and those carry fairly attractive margins. So when you add all these things up plus the warranties and everything, what you have is a very attractive business that continues to grow. Again, 38% unit growth. So we're continuing to invest heavily in notebooks. And I think you'll see leadership from Dell in terms of the next generation of performance in mobile computing. Alright. Well, again, thanks to everyone for joining us. I think you have heard us talk about the beginnings of some sequential improvement in our commercial business and a clear focus on continuing to build out our Enterprise Solutions portfolio. So we look forward to talking to you later this evening and over the course of the next quarter. Thanks. Yes, server units grew at about the rate of the industry. I believe it was up 10% year-over-year. We have seen some pretty interesting trends in the first quarter. It looks like our server growth is going to be quite a bit higher in the first quarter. We are making some changes there. For example, in the commercial business for large accounts, we are making changes to ensure that the incentives are on the right products and that those are accretive to the Company in how they are designed. As Don said, it is not any one thing. It is a whole series of things. And we are absolutely committed to driving down the OpEx of the Company and believe that our OpEx percent will be lower as we exit this year. No, I wouldn't say that. No. Well, Patrick, we continue to increase our research and development spending. In fact, this year we will spend about $0.5 billion in research and development, with some 3400 folks in our product development organization. So that will continue to grow. I think if you look more broadly at what we're doing, essentially we are applying our business model, which has been quite successful, across a broader range of products and services. And now you are seeing it play out in the Consumer Electronics market. You know, the whole notion of a year-end budget flush has never really been the case for -- for our products as far as we can tell. I -- there may be some high ticket items where that is applicable but we just don't really see that. You know it's really hard for a company to say, yeah, just send us another 10,000 computers and we'll just kind of, you know, leave them around, even though we don't need them. It just doesn't make any sense. We just don't really see a lot of end user activity that is really done in that way. And quite frankly, we discourage customers from -- from, you know, trying to, you know, buy product that they don't need to try to store it. We like to deliver it exactly when they need it. You know, one other point back on Japan, the IT companies in Japan are still in the -- for the most part, really struggling. Yes, I think averages are really dangerous. I think certainly when you take revenues the size of Dell and you say is it 1% or 2% R&D, I'm not really sure it tells you a whole lot. If you look at the new areas that we have acquired or growing faster than Dell, they have much, much different gross margin and expense and R&D and operating margin profiles. We are investing heavily in those. So if you look at storage, where we own our own IP now across the board from Fibre Channel to iSCSI to de-duplication, compression, NAS, you're in the teens type of R&D profile. Gross margins are certainly at or in many cases above what some of the competitive benchmarks are. So we'll invest heavily there. At the same time, we may be finding ways to invest a little less where there isn't return. So, I'm not sure the average really tells you a whole lot. If Well, I think that's the refresh cycle, and obviously Q4 is a seasonal period where there's a lot of consumer notebook purchases. You know, we have got a lot of number two's here. I mean if you look at the business, essentially we have a global consumer business, and we have a commercial business, commercial business consists of three large regions -- a product group, services business, and then we have Mike Cannon running all the operations of the Company in terms of manufacturing and procurement. And -- Well, that's a great question. Certainly a lot -- the -- well that's a great question. Certainly the sentiment index is more positive than it has ever been recently and more and more people are getting convinced that it is the real thing. I think there are still challenges there. I mean we're doing quite well in Japan. We had the fastest growth among the top six companies, the units were up 25% and for the first time, we're now number three in Japan. Which we think is a pretty big achievement. But I think there is still, you know, a fair number of challenges in that economy, but having said that it's a large economy. There's a lot of people there. They prize technology and productivity and our business model is well accepted. As part of our channel programs, we engage channel partners in many ways including providing them leads and opportunities to expand their business with kind of known prospects. That's a fairly standard practice as part of our channel activity which is very substantial one. No, there is some OpEx associated with that, but it is certainly not a margin driver in the second quarter. We have no plans to take the Company private. What we look at is our capital structure. Clearly, as we are generating more cash flow and better operating earnings, we've been stepping up our share repurchase. Certainly in terms of capital allocation, we've been doing more acquisitions and I think balancing -- and an appetite for acquisitions, with share repurchase and also some expenditures on R&D and CapEx. I think that's how you ought to think about capital allocation at Dell. Well those are great questions. I don't think we have all the answers to those questions, but what I can tell you is that we think that the touch screen products will certainly cost more. They are more in the price points and price bands that we tend to operate in. We will have the full complement of products around the time of Windows 8 being announced and available. We think there will be -- unlike other Windows transitions, this is a transition where you generally are going to need a new PC, whether it is a tablet or an Ultrabook with touch, or a notebook with touch, or a PC with touch or some derivative hybrid of all of the above type products. The product refresh cycle associated with this release of Windows is likely to be very different from other releases, but it is hard to know exactly what that looks like. We are preparing a full complement of products and we will be ready with those, as we said earlier, at the time of the Windows 8 release. Yes, let me address a bit of the operating system piece and then I will turn it over to Steve. We are very much in the mobile space working with both Android and Windows Mobile 7 and encouraged with the development of both of those and see those as great opportunities for us. So Steve, why don't you --? Yes. Sequentially, notebook ASP's are down. I'm not sure where you got the fact that they weren't. No, there is some OpEx associated with that, but it is certainly not a margin driver in the second quarter. You know, as I think we have said, it has become very, very difficult for us to continue to parse out the Perot stand-alone business. Much of that has been integrated and transactions moving through different systems now to the point where it is hard to tell. Yes, Andy, this is Michael. On the processor question, you probably have seen in the last five or six months we have broad dual core processors to our desktop, workstation, and server platforms across -- across basically the entire line. When you look at server volumes, there basically are three categories, and I'll sort of take them in order of volume. The first and by far and away the largest volume category are the two socket servers. Like the PowerEdge 2850. And of course those have dual core processors and stack up extremely well to competing products with other dual core processors. The second category are basically entry servers where it's really more of a cost play. And we participate in those products with our PowerEdge 1425, yet it sort of is commonly known that there's not a lot of profit to be earned in that sector of the market and so it's really more of a cost play than a performance play. And then there's the highest end of the market, which is the four socket server, and you've probably seen that just recently we have started delivering our PowerEdge 6850 and PowerEdge 6800 which is a four socket server now with the dual core XEON part. So we think we've closed a lot of the gap and as was mentioned earlier with the 9G generation of servers that we have coming in the first part of next year, we have a number of advancements in those in terms of Intel's next generation of microprocessors in addition to a new memory architecture, new storage architecture, systems management improvements, and so I think also when you look at our enterprise business in the third quarter, we're seeing healthy trends in that business and so we're encouraged that we're doing well there. Having said all that, we have many products in development and we feel we'll continue to be competitive in terms of the products we can offer to the enterprise market. I think the example that Don mentioned earlier, the Inspiron 1525, which is a very popular product at retail today, which comes in at about a $70 lower-cost point. Those are exactly the types of things we need to do to get this business on the right footing in terms of growth and profitability. Operating margin is not dramatically different by geography; actually quite close with the US being right about the average. And it takes us a few quarters to kind of role these things out around the world, so they have different rates in terms of how fast we can localize the products and that kind of thing. But we are seeing strong adoption. For example, in China we've had great success with EqualLogic. And Steve, you might want to talk about that. So thank you for joining us today. I want to leave you with a few thoughts. First of all, I am encouraged by the acceleration in our growth. Second, we continue to fill out our portfolio of products and services and you'll see much more from us over the balance of the year and, third, we continue to drive shareholder value by growing units that are premium to the industry, executing on a $3 billion cost opportunity, delivering sustained EPS growth, and executing on our five core initiatives and growing our retail and channel for scale and profit. Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again. We'll do great. I think the process that we have set up with our supplier partners will bring the truth in cost very quickly to the table and ensure that to the extent that other scaled competitors are achieving new reductions with new processes, new materials, new techniques, that Dell is also getting those as well. I'm not sure I can quantify that for you, except to say that we are very focused on continuing to have a higher mix of our own intellectual property and driving higher value solutions. We have more to do here, but we have made some nice progress. Our guide is going to be improving our overall profitability. I think there is more opportunity here as we look ahead into next year. Thanks, Brian. We are really excited about the growth in our commercial businesses right now, and had strong showings across all of our enterprise solutions businesses -- servers, networking, storage, and services. Our solutions revenue is on a $17 billion run rate, delivers gross margins in the low 30s, and now contributes more than 50% of the Company's gross margin dollars. In our commercial business, solutions revenue grew 41% from a year ago and represents 35% of the revenue. This is a five-point mix shift from a year ago and an eight-point shift from two years ago. These solutions are resonating with customers and we are winning. Enterprise is a big part of our growth strategy and we plan to fully participate here. While this growth is important to our long-term success, we are also at the front end of a powerful refresh in the corporate and public client business. We estimate that less than 5% of large commercial customers worldwide have made the transition to Windows 7 and Office 2010. We are also seeing server and storage refresh rates accelerate as customers virtualize their data centers and transition to the latest technology. Both of these trends will be powerful catalysts for Dell's growth to help fund the current and future investments. With that, let me now open the operator for questions. No change. Thanks, Lou, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. We look forward to talking to you in much greater detail at the close of this transaction. No, haven't really pulled back on any product launches. We've certainly vectored our product development and marketing organizations to things that align closely with customer needs, so that would go right to savings, and productivity, virtualization, those technologies that are going to yield immediate savings for customers. Well, if you look at the consumer business at Dell, the last two quarters, we had decent profits. I think we can continue to have a decent profit in the consumer business. Retail is certainly part of consumer. Do I have any plans other than to increase the profits of that business? Certainly they have been on the rise. Thank you. Well, it would be clearer -- I'm referring to pricing changes and kind of, let's say, overly aggressive pricing. I think that's something that we can fix rather rapidly. As far as what's the improvement going to be quarter-to-quarter -- not going to give you a forecast. Yes. So, another way of saying it is as we improve our operating efficiency in that consumer and small business, because the medium is actually quite attractive, that gives us an opportunity to grow, let's say, faster than the market is or at the rate of the market, or something along those lines. We've been trying to make them smaller because they use less energy, you can take them with you -- all of that kind of -- I didn't say I was -- or we were. Yes. Well, again, roughly half the decline in Europe was an increase in the deferral of services revenue, which is very profitable. So we're talking about the half that wasn't that. We have component costs kind of coming down all the time. And the team in Europe incorrectly assumed that they were going to come down a little bit faster than they came down. And so why did they do that? Well, I think if you look historically, the second quarter [relative] to previous periods, costs didn't come down as much as they had in some of the previous periods. Well, margins going up is great, but if margins are going up and profit is going down, then we are failing. That's not part of the equation. What we are looking at is the growth in operating income dollars and gross margin dollar growth, which is substantial, continues to be substantial; I expect it will continue to be. So that's kind of the -- so we're -- it's share of profits. Operating margin is not dramatically different by geography; actually quite close with the US being right about the average. And it takes us a few quarters to kind of role these things out around the world, so they have different rates in terms of how fast we can localize the products and that kind of thing. But we are seeing strong adoption. For example, in China we've had great success with EqualLogic. And Steve, you might want to talk about that. What was the first question, again? I think there's clearly a lot of different things going on. If you look at the pure-play companies, if there are such things anymore, they have not experienced the same dramatic increase in gross margins. Certainly, if you look at the things that we've been doing, there are a large number of them and they're different things that we've done in the past. So kind of start with how is the customer relationship changing? So we are changing the conversation to be much more about solutions and the real problem the customer is trying to solve as opposed to the box and the product. I mentioned this idea of moving from a cost-based pricing to value-based pricing. And so we literally took an entire sales force and said &quot;I'm not going to tell you what the costs are anymore. Here's the price. Here's the discount authority.&quot; Obviously a lot going on around mix in terms of how do you take the product and build services and products, other parts around it, it changed the conversation. So to give you an example, we had this great little company we bought called KACE, Systems Management. What we're finding is that where we take KACE and insert it into the PC refresh equation, we are much more able to move the conversation back to IT and away from procurement. If a PC refresh is sort of done by procurement, it's going to be a very cost-driven kind of exercise. No question we are prioritizing profit over units. We've said that very consistently. Certainly, if you look at -- there's -- if you look at some of the other firms out there, [there's] a lot of units, not a lot of profit. So we are doing a different thing, and as we change the offering to be more vertical, more solution, more systems management, more services, we are seeing certain a different profile of margin. As we insert other solutions in the portfolio, whether it's in security or in storage, virtualization, that's changing the conversation of the customer. Let's face it, you want to buy some new PCs? The CIO doesn't really care. You want to deal with security or the next-generation of the data center? That's more on the CIO agenda. So we are starting the conversation in a different basis. If a customer wants to buy a lot of PCs and doesn't want to pay a lot for them, don't come to us. So we're just not doing that. Well, Marc, there's this Cloud thing, right -- You know why that was? Because we price based on costs, which was not a good idea. It worked for a while. We grew to be a very large company by pricing based on costs, but that ultimately turned out to be not such a good idea as we started to have more and more differentiated products that keep going. I think the type of projects that we are doing tend to be often closely associated with the infrastructure products. Those are not the types that are typically emphasized by let's say an Accenture. So we're finding good success in doing those ourselves. But as I said, it's not a significant number of people or resources, and we think it's a good part of the portfolio. We're not talking about a lot of (multiple speakers) -- Well, we're not giving you any targets beyond the second quarter, but certainly, you know, if you plot the slope of the lines from different competitors, you would note that they converge a lot sooner than that. The partner business is running at about a $12 billion annual run rate. We've got about 23,000 partners in the Americas at about 43,000 globally. We've got PartnerDirect, the partner program running basically all across the world now. And it's a compelling program. It's easy for these partners to sign up; they take advantage of our build-to-order capabilities. They're taking advantage of our services. We're seeing a healthy mix of products with these customers. They tend to sell our enterprise products. And so that's going pretty well. (multiple speakers) the prior quarter's gross margins were (multiple speakers) Services attach has had a lot of success and you see that in the services -- the deferred services balance. Generally, attach rates have been good on other items, and we continue to build out the portfolio of other things. Our pro support attach rate has kind of gone from the low 30s to the mid-30s. And -- actually, a little north of the mid-30s. And we have built some industry-leading features now into the pro support offering, particularly for the enterprise products, and that seems to be resonating. We were up kind of mid double digits on blades this quarter, which seems to be pretty different from the industry. I'd just add that this -- specifically the way this has worked is we've had the opportunity to look at what we're doing with each customer, their fundamental challenges, how we add more value, and look at how we be the best partner across their high -- their whole IT spend. So, this isn't just about the volume of units that we sell each customer. It's how we add the most value, and there's a mix shift within. Even in the client business, we've seen a faster growth in our revenue than units as we have really delivered with our latest generation some real competitively-differentiated client products, and so we're moving to the higher end of the price range and getting more value out of that, and that is playing out across other types of products and services. So it's more mix within the lines of business that you described rather than across the lines of business. Maybe I will address the first piece a little bit about EqualLogic and have Don kind of talk about the process. What I would tell you is that we don't have an acquisition strategy. What we have is a growth strategy, and it is the five initiatives that I outlined. And so as our business leaders are driving those growth initiatives, they will find any number of ways to pursue that growth. It could be organic growth, it could be partnerships, it could be acquisitions. And so acquisitions is a tool that the team has to pursue. Okay. Thank you. I think you are going to get a sense for that with Mark Jarvis's presentation. What I will tell you is that we are clearly expanding the horizons of what the Dell brand means as we go into emerging countries. Today, our brand is kind of known as, well, if you work at a big company, you have Dell. Not necessarily a bad place to start, but our brand needs to be more friendly, more approachable as we go into that space. On the other end of the spectrum, we are moving deeply into the data center and taking on more enterprise responsibility for the biggest companies in the world. We want to extend that piece of our brand as well. And we are injecting much more innovation and differentiation into our products, which is starting to come out in the designs and styling. So, for example, our sales teams are making a transition to essentially what we will call value selling as opposed to cost based selling. Different from 13 or 14 years ago when we were a much, much smaller company, the distinction and channel conflict issues, certainly on the consumer side are much, much less. And so all of these partners kind of welcomed us with open arms and know that we are also going to sell directly to customers. And so we see that as a great opportunity. On the commercial side, I think there have been somewhat analogous situations where the number of resellers who had a lot of value in just the reselling of hardware is just not all that great. So we are finding among this $9 million PartnerDirect business that we intend to grow, a large number of partners who really aren't concerned that Dell also sells direct, realizing that all of our competitors also sell direct in one form or another. And they are really adding value that goes beyond the solutions and services that Dell itself offers, reaching customers in a new way and growing the overall opportunity. And many of them are quite excited to have the only full line alternative to our major competitor out there. I think the process that we have set up with our supplier partners will bring the truth in cost very quickly to the table and ensure that to the extent that other scaled competitors are achieving new reductions with new processes, new materials, new techniques, that Dell is also getting those as well. I think knowing exactly what the competitive environment in the next three years is, I'm not sure anyone knows that. What I do know is that the $3 billion that we are characterizing is not the normal cost improvements that we would expect to get for materials. We believe these are opportunities that are essentially -- if you want to call it catch-up, you can call it catch-up -- essentially opportunities that are delta performance from where Dell really should be today. So I think some of it will certainly be used for investment in the business. Some will be used to remain competitive, and certainly our desire is to bring as much to the bottom line as possible. And Keith, whether it is in infrastructure, cloud security, or Apps and BPO, the team at Dell Services is really focused on next-gen services solutions. Fill in the Blank, as a service, is an example. And so as a result of that, they are continuing to fine-tune the model to make sure that they have got the right cost structure in place and the right people and tools and technologies in place. And so they are very comfortable with where they are positioned right now and I feel very comparable with their pipeline. They're just doing something that they feel are the right -- absolutely the right strategy on a go-forward basis. And it is showing up in the P&L, not necessarily at the revenue line right now. On Vista, typically what happens with these new operating systems is that there is a mechanism in place before they are released to bridge customers from the old to the new, before it comes out. I actually believe that the Vista transition is going to be a pretty powerful catalyst, because it's a much bigger difference in terms of the user experience as compared with the last two or three of these operating system transitions. I'll even go so far as to say that once this gets out into the hands of consumers, six or nine months, I think you'll see a number of consumers kind of coming back to the office and saying, how come my computer is no good? So we think there will be a consumer-led drive to upgrade the desktop in the corporate some time after Vista really starts to take hold in the consumer market. So with dual-core and a number of other features that are coming on the hardware side that can be really exploited on Vista, we think it's going to be a pretty exciting transition cycle. We -- we don't think, we know. We -- yes, we don't think about those things, we know because we sell them directly to the user and we know exactly how many cartridges they buy so we know -- we know the answer to that question and the answer is yes. Bundled printers have lower consumables than non-bundled printers. I think you can figure out who the competitors would be. As far as the demand for these products, we have some sense of the demand from our S&P business. And certainly Dell is the largest provider of LCD monitors in the world, by a pretty wide margin actually, and we think that these multifunction monitors that serve not only as monitors but also as televisions represents a fantastic opportunity for us to expand our lead in the consumer market. So that is like to be a pretty big upsell on top of the leading volume of desktop computers in the world. The other products should being nice lines as well. I would point out that in just a few quarters we captured 37 percent of the pocket PC market in the United States, within just a few points of the market leader, who had been in the market for many, many years. And I think you'll be surprised at the amount of value we can bring to the digital mp3 player market. It will be very, very significant. So we're quite excited about all the products Yes, Toni, there's one possible scenario that you left out. And that is that Dell has a high share of the commercial space in Europe, but a very low share of consumer. And that's exactly what you'll find was the anomaly. In fact, we gained share in the commercial segment in Europe, and we are almost infinitesimally small in consumer in Europe. Yes, I think there's a number of things that go on in notebooks. For one, you have a whole array of things that gets sold along with the notebook, which are unique and often -- are really always sold by the channel. In our case, of course, we're the channel so we have an opportunity to sell all of those and those carry fairly attractive margins. So when you add all these things up plus the warranties and everything, what you have is a very attractive business that continues to grow. Again, 38% unit growth. So we're continuing to invest heavily in notebooks. And I think you'll see leadership from Dell in terms of the next generation of performance in mobile computing. You know, I think it is a bit early for us to be providing a lot of detail on that, particularly given the enormous ramp that the business is in. But we're monitoring it pretty closely. I can tell you that at Thanksgiving, we almost sold out, in fact, did sell out of certain models. And I think we're still learning exactly how to balance it perfectly. But pretty pleased with our progress at this stage. The spending pattern we saw in the U.S. was about what we had thought it would be. We expected conservative spending and that's kind of what we saw, but it is also true that when you're selling a productivity enhancing device that has a defined life, customers can delay the purchase of that for some period of time. However, at some point it becomes counterproductive to have tools that are too old, and so we believe and have seen through any number of cycles that there is a re rebound effect, so we're staying very close to these large customers and we know that even the customers in some of the most dire economic conditions have to upgrade their productivity tools. It is kind of the last thing it will cut, in fact the enterprise business was strong as this is a -- this is a place if you look at like data storage, for example, data storage is not stopping. In fact, it continues to expand at enormous rate and companies have to deal with that, and we've got great solutions for that. Well, in terms of IT spending, you know, the IT spending is heavily dependent on business profitability. The only piece that's really not is the consumer, which is not a huge portion of IT spending, so I - I think this is going to be driven by a recovery in business profitability. In terms of closing business, you know, the comment is a curious one, because the linearity in our quarter was very, very solid. There wasn't a - really a change in the quarter. Remember, in the United States, you know, Dell grew its units 17% while all other competitors were down 10%, so I would imagine they did have problems closing business. But that's - that's a - that's another problem. Storage, we're certainly, with a new product line from EMC, we're leading with storage, but we - we also have pretty good momentum in our own direct attach and NAS products as well as in the tape products that are very much driven by the unit sales of servers. And, you know, as we expand our server market share, now 30% in the United States, No. 1 even after the industry consolidation, we have a great opportunity to sell those types of storage that are often attached to the individual server sales. Yes, we still offer that and we will continue to offer it. And customers will compare different offerings. Again, this is about customer choice and providing customers a great value. I think what you'll find in the SE1 offering is something that is priced very competitively, and has a great brand appeal with large portions of the market. The SPS -- these aren't necessarily exact competitors. We didn't have any material disruption to supply to -- on chipsets. Yes, that's right. The demand has been pretty steady, as Brian said. The upgrade programs that companies have tend to be multi-quarter and we haven't really seen significant change in those. Are you talking about unit growth? I think particularly on the IBM de novo we are seeing significant opportunities in the large account space, in Western Europe, and in the Americas, and we think it's a significant opportunity for us. I mean on notebooks, Steve, you asked about that. Notebook units were up 38%. This was a 13th consecutive quarter where notebooks grew more than 25%. We think we have a very strong product line here and a strong advantage. And we just introduced new 14-inch XPS product, the XPS M170 continues to win pretty much every time it goes into a competition it comes out with an award. So we have got a very, very strong product line. We're gearing up for a whole new generation of latitudes starting early next year. So this is obviously where we're investing heavily on the client side because we see a lot of growth here and the -- margins -- operating margins here are very healthy. Okay. Thank you. &lt;Presentation UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE Thank you, Don. First of all, it's great to be with you today to discuss where we are going. For 23 years Dell has been simplifying and lowering costs for customers while expanding opportunities. The result is that we have been the only technology company to scale from $30 to $60 billion in five years, and we did this primarily through organic growth. So now we're planning the next 23 years and beyond. I think this is one of the most exciting phases in our history. Earlier this year I told our team that we needed to do three things to transform the Company -- prove our current business, reignite growth and built for the long-term. And we are making progress on all three. First, on improving the current business, we now have the strongest executive leadership team in the industry. As a result, we have new global functions for consumer, services, marketing, operations and IT are focused on removing inefficiency and systematically improving productivity. Reigniting growth. In consumer you have seen us relaunch the Inspiron brand, introduce a new line of XPS notebooks, where we expect to recapture share. And we have launched a new brand called Vostro, the first and only dedicated brand for small business. And we have entered the retail channel to reach consumers and small businesses around the world. In building for the long-term to get closer to customers, we've opened new plants this year in Brazil, India, and Poland. And with our completed acquisitions of ZING, Silverback, and ASAP and our planned acquisitions of EqualLogic and Everdream, you're seeing us expand our portfolio and position ourselves for longer-term growth. We are making progress, but there is much more to be done. We have identified five big business priorities, each one influenced by the possibilities it creates for IT simplification. Our vision of IT simplification is all about reclaiming time, money and people. Simply put, we want to help our customers reduce the monetary burden of supporting disparate IT assets and unleash the power of innovation. Steve is going to cover more on this in a few minutes. So what I would like to do is discuss our growth priorities. We are investing in five big business priorities to create long-term value -- consumer, emerging economies, notebooks, SMB, and enterprise. And I will cover each in detail. First, let's talk about consumer. There is a massive growth opportunity in the global consumer business for Dell over the next five years, and we intend to compete for these customers in every major region of the world. Our brand leads for a broad base of consumers that consider or connect with consumer products. We are the leader in brand consideration in the United States, France, Germany, and the UK. We are very competitive in India, China and Japan, and we are rapidly growing in Russia. We are focused on increasing our channels of distribution. For example, we broadly entered the retail channel and expect to have one or two major partners in each of the top 10 -- sorry, top 20 countries globally over time. So with nearly 10,000 stores by year-end, we will soon be at about 27% of the top retail doors globally. It is all about increasing a customer's opportunity to see, feel, and experience Dell products. This surge in new global consumers want more personalization, more mobility, and more choices on how and where to buy products. And that is exactly what we intend to deliver. In almost every market in the world, our XPSM1330 has won the best of the best awards for thin and light notebooks or for that matter, in any category of notebooks. But also we have a profit discipline, too. So, you know, you're not going to see us just go after volume, you know, and see profits go away. Well, if you go back and look at our balance sheet, you'll see that the deferred services revenue balance has been there for a long time, has been growing for a long, long time. So the core product-related services business is a business we've been in for 15, 20 years; a long time. What did not change in the second quarter is our accounting. Okay? What changed is the way we presented our services offerings. And that caused additional -- that caused services revenue that was very profitable to be deterred into future periods. Say, well, why did the team do that? Well, I think the rate of deferral had been much lower than the US for a long time in Europe, and now it looks like the European business is going through a transition to look a bit more like the US. That in no way is a change to the accounting. So, it's a change in the way we presented the offers to the customers and the resulting accounting that comes out. Well, I think -- to answer the question the way we think about it, first is to think about the four businesses that we have. So, we have -- our two largest businesses are the large enterprise business and the public sector business. And they're also the most profitable, or the concentration of profit is in those businesses, right? So, the interesting thing about that is that those businesses represent only 20% of the units of the PC market. So, 80% of the units reside in the consumer and small business. In that space, we are clearly working on improving the efficiency of our supply chain to achieve certain operating margin objectives and profitability objectives. And as we achieve those, that gives us an opportunity to accelerate the growth and kind of be more of a market participant with respect to share. Well, our goal is certainly not to mismatch them. And I think I kind of pointed earlier that we didn't match them as well as we would have liked to in Europe. As you mentioned, integration will be a big focus here in ensuring we have a successful integration. We have done about eight other acquisitions in the last few years and our philosophy toward acquisitions has not really changed. I think you will see us selectively add to our portfolio to build capabilities in the areas that we see critical for us. I think you're already seeing us in systems management and some of the software around supporting the systems infrastructure. The case acquisition was completed about a year ago and I think we have more than tripled the size of the business and had really great success with that. We're looking at how we can expand that platform into new customer categories and new capability. And we're finding a great ability to combine more and more offers together. So we have a very strong server platform. The storage platform continues to grow. We have strengthened the PowerConnect line particularly with our own PowerConnect 10 gig switch and software to help the management and orchestration of large numbers of virtual machines. Recently we acquired SecureWorks which has a substantial amount of IP in managing security incidents and has become a trusted provider to thousands of companies around the world. That is a platform we think we can grow quite substantially at attractive margins. Most of them would be. Occasionally, you'll see us create a new platform where we need a new fundamental capability that we can then build upon. If you look at pure services, I mean, we have some of our businesses that are already in the 20s just on services. We've certainly challenged a number of them to go to 30s and beyond. No. We think the -- I mean, software is a very small percentage today. What you see a lot in the software today is effectively resale of software. We have products that are very heavily software-based. So, EqualLogic is fundamentally a software disguised as hardware or bundled with hardware. I think the percentages can be much, much larger than they are today. The one thing I think you'll see us talk a lot about is this shift to the kind of enterprise solution, the server storage, services, and you can certainly add software in there. And that shift has been pretty significant the last few years. I think it'll continue for several years. I think one of the dangers of having a strong position and being in an incumbent is you tend to maybe overlook some of the disruptive things or challenges. And certainly, for that period that you mentioned, 2000 to 2006, and even for the kind 10 years or 15 years prior to that, Dell had a pretty uninterrupted run of growth in revenues and profits and cash flow. And I think one of the things that happened is that our competitors, having been kind of soundly defeated, went back into their cave and developed a new model and started to implement that. And that fundamentally changed the equation for us. There were also clearly shifts going on as customers started to focus more on services and solutions and the value was shifting from the fundamental client product into the data center. And as we kind of looked at all that, and I would say it probably took us a little bit longer than we would have liked to figure this out, we needed to make some fundamental adjustments to transform the business, to really say how do we change our sales motion from a product centric one to increasingly about services and solutions? How do we determine those critical inflection points in industry migrations and create IP that is going to be valuable in those, or acquire IP that's going to be valuable in those? And then, how do we operationalize all of this within a company of now 100,000 people, organizing the business around customer orientation as we have now four business units? And that's been a lot of the work that we've been doing. And I think the transformation is not done. But, we're seeing some very encouraging signs in terms of our shift in the mix of the business to what we think of as enterprise services and solutions, some of it inorganic, certainly with acquisitions of EqualLogic and Perot Systems, but also organic migration and transition. Thanks, Lou, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. We look forward to talking to you in much greater detail at the close of this transaction. I think there is another trend that is going on also. You talked about where we are in the cycle. I think certainly the virtualization wave is still well in bloom, and there is a lot of that activity. But we are also seeing a continued migration of what I would call networking-related activities moving into the server domain. You see this in a couple of forms. One is the specialized networking companies moving onto an x86 platform that is relevant because of Dell's OEM business with those companies. But, at the same time, you see those companies creating a virtual version of their application, which is easily put into a large complex Dell servers in the form of one of our large blades or other architectures. So we think the server space is going to continue to be one of rapid growth. I'd say it's a bit of both. I mean, certainly we had the network-effect in the distribution channel. It was a platform in the sense that it gave us a much stronger development capability in storage and data protection. We've added onto that with the Exanet acquisition that gives us CIFS and NFS capability, which will roughly double the addressable market for EqualLogic. And the EqualLogic business continues to grow kind of in the high double-digit percent rate with high double-digit kind of gross margins. Yes. Considerations certainly would be kind of where is the cash, onshore or offshore, those kinds of things that are fairly typical. We have resumed a share repurchase program, and I think you'll see that continue in a similar form. And I would say a lot of the acquisitions that we're looking at are network-effect acquisitions where we can essentially use our distribution and platform broad customer access. Occasionally you'll see us build a new platform using an acquisition, as we did with Perot Systems, to dramatically expand our kind of service and solutions capabilities. And then, we can build on top of that. But, we're finding lots of opportunity for what I would call network-effect acquisitions, which are smaller ingredient technologies where we're essentially acquiring R&D teams. And we can dramatically expand the access of those products. So, we bought a company called KACE here recently in systems management. Essentially, it's a software offering that solves a problem that almost any customer has that has more than 100 users. You could sell this to an enormous number of customers that are already Dell clients. And that sales motion is well underway. I think if you look at Nehalem, kind of the phase 1 of Nehalem was really strong. And you look at our business, we had 26% year-over-year growth. I think as you go to Nehalem EX the ROIs just get higher, and this becomes extremely compelling. You have the opportunity for a faster refresh cycle because those customers look at Nehalem EX, they say, I virtualize more machines. It is even more compelling to go and replace. We also created this data center custom solutions business. It has been growing very, very fast. You're going to see some more announcements from us next month as we take those capabilities to a broader set of customers. I think it is fair to say we have been winning the lion's share of the opportunities with the largest Web-driven firms in the world. What is interesting to see here is that there is a continual shift to x86. Of course, all of this -- we are working really hard to tie storage into it with our EqualLogic platform, with our Dell/EMC platform. We have other storage platforms clustered -- you know, class system type platforms, and you will see us continue to grow those out over time. No comment. I think you will see us continue to ramp this up. I mean going from zero to 1 million units in a couple of quarters is pretty darned fast. You will see continual set of announcements that expand the range of partners. I also point out that if you look pretty closely at this, you will see that most of our progress to date in terms of sales, sales out, has been concentrated in the United States. And so we have announced agreements with essentially all the leading retailers in Europe, and those are beginning to take hold and beginning to come to fruition. There are many additional ones that we are working on expanding and are in the pipeline. So a lot more to do. Every one of these deals, particularly with the big retailers around the world, involve very explicit negotiations. We want to get the terms and conditions right. So do they. We don't want to end up doing a whole lot of deals that we regret. We want them to be the right deals at the right time, and I think we have got a pretty good balance in focusing on the ones we think that can pay off the biggest for us the fastest. And I don't just mean that within the US. If you look at the profile of what we have done in Europe and Asia, we really have laid in place a very good first pass at coverage here. So I think we feel pretty good about it. I'm going to take one more question. Well, you know, because we are 80% kind of commercial and 20% consumer we would probably first think about it from a commercial standpoint. And what I would tell you is I think for those customers that have not kicked off a refresh cycle, the Sandy Bridge is a great entry point. We are already having those discussions now. We're seeing a lot of customers planning as that kind of being the entry point. I think it does -- it will excite the consumer base as well with the new grade of graphics performance and some of the new capabilities there. So we see very nice things in terms of the product cycle. Yes. Sequentially, notebook ASP's are down. I'm not sure where you got the fact that they weren't. I'm going to take one more question. First point is that we have about paying a $9 billion channel partner business, and a lot of that really grew organically as a number of partners, often very small partners would contact us and say, hey, I would like to buy your products too. And we didn't really have a great way of distinguishing them from end users. And so we sell them products, and then all of a sudden, we've got a $9 million business. So this is what we're calling PartnerDirect where we are taking the benefits of the direct model in configure to order and supply chain logistics and extending that through to the partners. I'm really talking mostly about the commercial piece of the opportunity. There is a capability that we have in building very small lots -- lots of one, lots of two, which we can extend through to retail partners so they can automatically replenish on a demand basis and also configure to order in the store for customers who want something other than what is in the store. But, as Don said, there will be some changes in the cash conversion as the profile of the business changes. But again, we think it is all in the spirit of driving -- increasing our cash flow over time. No. Yes. I'd say this transformation is incomplete, so if I had to give it a grade, I'd give it an incomplete. Right. Thank you. We can put your logo, so, actually one of the companies you mentioned up there, we deployed 150,000 servers in containers in about less than ten weeks. So, we can do that for you too, Marc. You know there is no question that the portfolio of the business is shifting somewhat. As we mentioned, the profitability in the business is increasing in a significant way. And again, we are managing our business to grow our operating profits in dollars. Operating margin and gross margin percentages are going up, and there will be shifts inside the revenue mix as we index into more profitable solutions. Well, I think given the choice between profits and growth we're going to go for the profits, and our belief is that, with the changes that we're making in our cost structure we're going to be able to both of those together. But first priority for us is to retain solid profitability of the Company, and that's what we demonstrated this quarter, and that's what we're focused on. Yes, on the second part, definitely. In terms of OpEx, we are making strategic investments and adding resources on the commercial side of the business, on product development as we've taken out G&A and other OpEx costs in the business. So, realigning the cost structure and focusing it more on the new products and commercial capability in the field is clearly a big part of what we're doing. Let me just are by saying that no one is sorrier than we are that we have become less predictable about stock buyback I can assure you. So it has not been a very happy year for us, just as it hasn't been for others of our investors that would have liked to have seen us more active. Let me just say that capital allocations decisions are decisions that management can have a view of and recommend to our Board, but really those decisions ultimately will not be made by our Board. And we would like our Board to be the first to hear about management's recommendations. So we are probably not going to get a whole lot more specific on this call. Except for to say, to reiterate what I said earlier, that we recognize we have a lot more cash on our balance sheet than we believe to be ideal. And at this early point, that is all I can say. Well, we don't provide guidance. We are focused on creating value over a long period of time. We have outlined our five priorities, which we think will enable us to grow faster than the industry, and we want to optimize cash flow from operations over time. Yes, we just launched XPS 14z. Well, so let's kind of level set here in the United States. I think last count we had about 37% share of the X86 server units. So we've got a pretty good position there. I think what we're seeing certainly is a big deferral of purchases among corporations. But when we talk to them, the thing I'm hearing is they're planning on a pretty big 2010 client refresh. And they're sort of playing around with 07. They passed over Vista and they're sort of planning for that now. Yeah, I think we're also seeing in some of these commodities, you know, signs of inventory buildup and speculation by various players in the market, which, you know, if you look at sort of the aggregate demand, it's not all that impressive. So it suggests that there's some other factors at play here. So we don't necessarily believe all of the signals we get at face value because we know there are other things out there affecting, you know, the pricing. And as we see components moving in the wrong direction, we'll adjust our usage of those components to essentially drive demand away from them. How many do we have? We have 10, something like that. Well, it's just one of the factors in the multi-dimensional equation. I wouldn't call it out as being particularly more significant than any other region. I would add to that, Chris, when you think about the fact that China is down as -- in total for the country for the first time in as far back as I can remember, and the declines in APJ in general and Western Europe, that happened in the commercial accounts as well. And that's a tough one to overcome when you've got a big impact in a region like that. And those are the types of things Brian talked about where you think about those are markets that are likely to snap back once we work through what is a cautious environment. I think a lot of commercial customers are looking at their discretionary spend right now and saying, I'm going to put some additional dollars to work in some of these enterprise solutions, but if I've got a decision to make, I might pull back a little bit on some of these client transitions and wait to see how things play out at a macro level. So I think you're seeing a little of that. We can fix it right away. Well, we think we are holding or gaining share in the right kind of price points. Our efforts on the cost side should expand our ability to profitably compete in a larger portion of the price points. What I would also tell you is that the pipeline of client opportunities -- we are already seeing more client activity in the last 30 to 60 days than we have in a long time, and the pipeline for client activity kind of going forward into next year is the strongest it has been in a long time as well. So if I look at our commercial businesses, the second quarter was kind of the bottom. The third quarter was certainly better. October was the best, and November looks even better than October. So the momentum of the turns is good. Okay. So, there are really two pieces of this. One is the way we presented our service offerings caused an increased amount of services revenue, which happens to be quite profitable, to be deferred. Well, it would be clearer -- I'm referring to pricing changes and kind of, let's say, overly aggressive pricing. I think that's something that we can fix rather rapidly. As far as what's the improvement going to be quarter-to-quarter -- not going to give you a forecast. Well, we have an interesting combination. We have a couple of guys that were promoted up into key positions as some other folks retired. We had a couple of guys whose jobs essentially didn't change. And we had five new people join the Company in very key positions - one, Don Carty, our Vice Chairman and CFO was not new to the Company as he's been on the Board since 1992 or something like that and so, he knew the Company quite well. About 15,000 now. We weren't diving into that in a big way. We certainly have products there. It appears to us that that this is mostly a complementary product category. Certainly in the emerging countries it looks like it's incremental and kind of new business, and we were also the first with a product with 3G built in and that's allowed us to do pretty well a bunch of the carriers, and we're putting a number of those agreements in place right now. Good morning and welcome to Dell's annual meeting of stockholders. I'm Michael Dell, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and this meeting is also being webcast on Dell.com/investor. So I'd like to welcome everyone who has joined us today online. This meeting is now called to order. Here with me in the front is Brian Gladden, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Lynn A. Tyson, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to report that members of our Board are present today and are seated in the first few rows as well as members of our executive management team. Also in attendance are George Kennedy and other representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers, our independent auditor, and they'll be available for questions later in the meeting. I've asked Lynn Tyson, our Vice President of Investor Relations, to help with the formal items of business this morning; so I'd now like to invite her to present our official business. Thank you. All you have to do is wait another quarter and you'll find out. We've introduced quite a number of notebooks so far this year. We have certainly much more to go. I think you will see a very active back-to-school season for Dell in notebooks, and we'll also be bringing out the Latitude E Series. Latitude is the best-selling line of commercial notebooks in the developed world and we have our best ever notebooks that -- best ever line of notebooks we ever produced, so very excited about those. As I highlighted at the analyst meeting, a significant Dell has been kind of over indexed to large commercial business around the world. Our growth opportunities are substantially or very significant in consumer and emerging countries wherever selling prices are in fact lower. That kind of explains the client side. On the server side, industry ASPs have been coming down and, as I said earlier, we were the only company in the industry to grow revenue share and unit share. Bob, I'm not sure you got that, but that is not our plan at all. So let me correct that for you. We are entering businesses where we fully expect to earn a profit and for them to the accretive to our P&L. You know, I don't think we're talking about size in terms of revenue and margin specifically at DCS. But I can tell you that the business continues to expand and as we disclosed in the past at 21, it's now 22 of the top 25 clouds in the world. We believe we continue to take share in this space and margins have continued to improve throughout the year. And in fact we see pretty positive momentum as we transition into next year. So without giving you specific numbers in terms of size of revenues or number of units etc. I think we continue to be quite bullish in the DCS business overall. I don't think we really know, Steve. I have not heard that coming back up through the sales teams as being a big driver of -- I mean, the small-medium business market has really been growing very rapidly now for 4 or 5 quarters, so I don't think just that end of quarter thing had anything to do with it. Scott, I think there's a couple of things that (inaudible) that they are trying to accomplish in this environment, and that is to continue to make investments in some of their enterprise solutions. A big piece of the EqualLogic investment and the investment in next-generation platforms is borne by the large enterprise group. As you know, they are very focused on making investments in their services portfolio and their enterprise solutions portfolio. So they are really committed to biting the bullet here and committed to those investments that they believe are going to pay off as the growth comes back. I will remind you that business was on a peak at about $5 billion quarterly rate and is down significantly to the current levels. So it's just now starting to come back. I mean what we are seeing is the beginnings of some improvement in demand in these commercial accounts and the first time in a number of quarters that we have seen sequential growth. So, as that sequential growth gradually comes back and hopefully it builds maybe through the middle of next year and into the back half of next year, that is when some of the operating margin leverage begins to kick in in those businesses. I think we're well positioned. We have the number 1 position in North America. We were first to market, have been first to market with the X86 transition here in the first part of the year. Product line is lining up incredibly well versus others. As we do a better job of selling a converged solution, selling storage and networking along with the servers, our blades are getting stronger. We are -- this is the best server line we ever had. And we feel very good about what we have planned for follow-on generations. So also workloads are moving to X86 so we're seeing continued shift in our services business. We've got a very nice pipeline of application migration business that's developing around some of the capabilities we've built in Dell Services and other acquisitions like Make and Clerity that have added to that. So a combination of new workloads, new capabilities, strong product lines, I think we're well positioned to grow there. We can absolutely tell you when we announce the pricing, which will be soon. Well, it's certainly growing. But where it goes from here is hard to tell. We take the orders in every day. There's definitely demand for wireless. There are other wireless options in addition to Centrino, and wireless is certainly broadly accepted among our customers. We weren't diving into that in a big way. We certainly have products there. It appears to us that that this is mostly a complementary product category. Certainly in the emerging countries it looks like it's incremental and kind of new business, and we were also the first with a product with 3G built in and that's allowed us to do pretty well a bunch of the carriers, and we're putting a number of those agreements in place right now. I think Don said it well. We are embracing a new way of leading the company where there are areas Don said where we're cutting, we're finding productivity opportunities, consolidating, driving savings. At the same time making very significant investments in the new growth areas and, in fact, we're doing one so we can do the other while, you know, certainly our intent is to grow the earnings of the company at the same time. Thank you, Brian. Our first quarter results demonstrate that we're executing on reducing cost and delivering solid margins. Going forward, we're accelerating our operating agenda priorities, and intensifying our cost focus to achieve the $4 billion cost reduction objective. This is going to enable solid earnings and cash flow and create the fuel for growth. During the first quarter, we accomplished a key structural step and our four global business units are now up and running. Large enterprise and public will drive us further into the data center and services, while consumer and SMB still have substantial revenue and unit growth opportunities which could be enhanced by our cost structure initiatives. We're preparing for what we believe will be a powerful replacement cycle with virtualization and our growing managed services capability playing a much larger role as the economy improves. And we are using a combination of organic growth, alliances and acquisitions to grow servers, storage, services and software. For example, our eight year relationship with EMC has delivered over $10 billion in storage solutions to our customers. Our EqualLogic storage business is now four times larger than when we acquired it. Delivering a scalable, virtualized solution right in the sweet spot of data center growth. In services, we've integrated several acquisitions to create a cloud based managed service offering to proactively monitor and manage IT networks for large customers. And we're now just starting to bring this to small, medium customers in the United States with the Pro-Managed brand. With the release of of our 11th generation servers, we launched the Dell management console, dramatically improving our systems management capability along with our partner, Symantec. And last month we announced an alliance with Pro Systems to deliver virtualized technology solutions for healthcare. All of these actions together serve to shift our portfolio in the direction we want and will help us expand our operating margins with strong cash flow. It should be clear to you that we've embarked on some major transformational initiatives on the cost side and we're making good progress against these objectives. Also important in our transformation are the shifts in our business to the data center, software and services. As we do all this, we remain committed to balancing liquidity, profitability and growth. We have many great assets and we see significant opportunities to grow and expand from here. We're making progress, but we have much more to do. You'll hear much more about all of this at our analyst meeting in July. We look forward to seeing all of you there. So now, let me open it up to the operator for questions. Questions and Answers Yes, mix is occurring in that business, and there is also a bias towards the emerging countries where we saw, for example, in China a 20% sequential growth, and in India, I believe, it was 26% sequential growth. So BRIC countries, revenues grew double digits. On a year-over-year basis, India was 68%. China was 16%. We see a lot of opportunity with new business formation in those countries and our direct access to those customers allowing us to provide a full suite of products and services and solutions. I mean, I think if I look at the situation in the second quarter, I think we'd have to say it was more self-inflicted. You know, a lot of people have questioned our strategies from time to time, and sometimes things don't always appear as they might be. I think what is happening in the computer industry is that the computer industry continues to find its way into other markets as the capability of our products continue to expand. So fundamentally, we are a computer company that is growing into new markets. And if you look at our growth in the enterprise, where we're number one in the server market, number one in the enterprise, we certainly didn't start out that way. But that's how our business has grown. And I think it is quite conceivable that with this new digital home that we have been talking about, that just as Dell has become -- from 1997 we weren't really in the consumer personal computer business, to now number one in the largest market in the world. It is conceivable that we could do the same in these other categories as well. I think Don said it well. We are embracing a new way of leading the company where there are areas Don said where we're cutting, we're finding productivity opportunities, consolidating, driving savings. At the same time making very significant investments in the new growth areas and, in fact, we're doing one so we can do the other while, you know, certainly our intent is to grow the earnings of the company at the same time. We certainly believe it is. You know, I think we will continue to look at that. I think clearly we have been through a cycle where we wanted to protect the liquidity and make sure we had adequate cash for survival and then obviously some strategic activities. We continue to look at that. As we have opportunities in the marketplace for acquisitions, that clearly might be part of the strategy, and we will continue to revisit opportunities with the share repurchase as well. 8G is going very well; as Kevin said, better than we had expected. And we are going to be coming out with blade products in the fourth quarter. We think the blade market has disappointed customers in the sense that it hasn't delivered on the cost or density improvements that have been promised originally. What we're going to do is deliver a cost equation that is equal to or better than a similarly configured 1U server, targeting a density of 1.5 servers per U. So it is going to greater density than 1U at less cost when you have -- once the chassis is half billed the cost starts to go down relative to regular rack servers. We'll do great. In that respect, the European business is actually starting to look more like the US. And so, in a short-term context, if you're looking at the P&L in a given quarter, not a particularly good thing. In a long-term context, a very good thing. The second piece is essentially pricing that -- we're pricing ahead of cost improvements. Cost improvements are coming, but the pricing was out in front of the cost improvements, more so than it should have been. Okay. I think we're going to close the call here. I want to just make a few points here. I think as you can see from our results that our model is structurally advantaged and it's enabling us to consistently deliver exceptional financial and operating performance in all environments. We're focused on growth opportunities in enterprise products, services, and in global markets to drive growth and profitability in the near term; and ensure the company's long-term growth and success. The Dell model is winning, our growth strategy is progressing as planned, and the tech landscape sends to shift in our favor. We're very well positioned for the future. Thanks again. We look forward to talking to you again soon. Yes, we generally don't comment on these kinds of legal litigation activities. I mean this is a case where we are not even involved in the litigation. So it would be difficult to comment in a lot of detail. No. I think you need some of it. You don't have to have an enormous quantity of it, but a little bit goes a long way. There are a number of projects where the consulting capability is actually -- well, where it usually starts is a whiteboarding session where you identify the opportunity. Then you're given a consulting assignment where the solution is really architected and mapped out, and then you go implement it like to earn money all across the way. But if you couldn't do the original assignment, you wouldn't actually have an opportunity to provide the infrastructure that kind of went with the solution. So we don't necessarily have to have number one [fear] in doing those consulting assignments, but you have to be capable enough. So, for example, today, I visited with a customer who most people would consider them a -- let's say on the smaller end of large companies, a $5 billion company, a pretty good sized company. There's a lot to do in their data center. Before any of it's going to get done, it has to be designed and scoped out and planned and scheduled. We have the capability to go do that and having sort of credibility and authority to go do that is sort of the ticket to play in that space. It is biased towards the enterprise portfolio. So services, solutions, storage, servers are definitely -- a lot of virtualization type projects -- are going on. A lot of mission-critical activity going on in those accounts. But we are starting to see more client activity than we have in quite some time. There is definitely a bias in all of these accounts toward value, and they are looking for Dell to bring best value solutions. Yes, Andy, this is Michael. On the processor question, you probably have seen in the last five or six months we have broad dual core processors to our desktop, workstation, and server platforms across -- across basically the entire line. When you look at server volumes, there basically are three categories, and I'll sort of take them in order of volume. The first and by far and away the largest volume category are the two socket servers. Like the PowerEdge 2850. And of course those have dual core processors and stack up extremely well to competing products with other dual core processors. The second category are basically entry servers where it's really more of a cost play. And we participate in those products with our PowerEdge 1425, yet it sort of is commonly known that there's not a lot of profit to be earned in that sector of the market and so it's really more of a cost play than a performance play. And then there's the highest end of the market, which is the four socket server, and you've probably seen that just recently we have started delivering our PowerEdge 6850 and PowerEdge 6800 which is a four socket server now with the dual core XEON part. So we think we've closed a lot of the gap and as was mentioned earlier with the 9G generation of servers that we have coming in the first part of next year, we have a number of advancements in those in terms of Intel's next generation of microprocessors in addition to a new memory architecture, new storage architecture, systems management improvements, and so I think also when you look at our enterprise business in the third quarter, we're seeing healthy trends in that business and so we're encouraged that we're doing well there. Having said all that, we have many products in development and we feel we'll continue to be competitive in terms of the products we can offer to the enterprise market. Yeah, I'll just put a exclamation point Dan on Jim's comments regarding the counter cyclicality on some of the public sector. We are seeing obviously good performance in Q3 as we would expect on a shift towards to government public spending, we had that in Q2 as well, and we think now with the number of packages the government is putting in place that's going to continue. So, there are some offsetting factors that you really should consider. I don't think people understand really how large the government sector is or can be in any particular cycle that really helps offset a [________________] focus only on corporate. I think first of all, the absolute delta margin opportunity is pretty substantial, because those are areas of the industry where we are underrepresented, and we believe we can significantly grow the absolute dollar profit. I think if you look at the services strategy that we are pursuing, in small-medium business, I think it is a highly differentiated strategy and one that can lead to attractive margins for the Company. We also know from the history in that business that the opportunities are not just in the client; there are substantial opportunities in the server. In fact, our share in the server part of small-medium business is greater then our client share. And so as we move into those customers, we have an opportunity to sell them the entire ecosystem, particularly even higher margin products like storage, such as the new Dell EqualLogic product line, which we created. We'd prefer they are a success. I mean, I think if you look at this whole tablet space, certainly from an R&D standpoint and a focus standpoint, we are much more focused on the enterprise. We are very much relying on Google and Microsoft and kind of the OS layer. I would say there's a lot of work to be done there. The number of apps available in the kind of state of readiness is not I think where we or customers would like to see it today. Well, again I think you'll see a variety of choices for customers. And we're going to be in a great position to offer customers the technology we need to stay very competitive. Our server business is well positioned and I think we'll have the technology we need to stay that way. No, we are seeing orders and shipments increase pretty substantially in the last -- in the last 30 to 60 days in those enterprise customers, and the pipeline is also increasing. Yes, the pro support attach rate was about 36% in the first quarter, up pretty nicely from the fourth quarter. And we're working hard to continue to drive more services attach. And certainly the deferred services balance continues to grow even while overall revenues were down. So we're clearly pointing in this direction. And as you get this upgrade cycle that we're really preparing for, our intent would be even more to move those customers from as we mentioned to you many times before, from kind of product to service. I would say relative to last year the large Enterprise pipeline is certainly a lot stronger. Both of the pipelines feel pretty good. I think we are feeling pretty good about our Enterprise and services opportunities in those. In terms of public, you are right to point those out. There are some states that are in a state of distress, if you will. I think the interesting question here is, if you look in the history of mankind, public organizations generally do not reduce their spending. So if they do reduce their spending, it will be the first time it has ever happened. So that will be interesting to actually see what happens. But I think the other thing that we are finding is that many of these organizations have not adopted what I would call Commercial best practices. So if you think about, for example, universities that have a decentralized IT structure, and now the Provost University is saying, well, how am I going to meet this budget challenge, well, hey, we know how to do that. It is called server virtualization. So actually I think some of the budget pressures in these public organizations may create opportunities for IT. We find that the public organizations tend to be some of the ones that are -- that have least taken advantage of the newest technologies. So all the things we talked about earlier in terms of high ROIs with server virtualization, we actually don't find nearly as many of those in public organizations as we would all like to see. So I think the budget pressures may create more opportunities there, but you're right to highlight those potential risks. I would say relative to last year the large Enterprise pipeline is certainly a lot stronger. Both of the pipelines feel pretty good. I think we are feeling pretty good about our Enterprise and services opportunities in those. In terms of public, you are right to point those out. There are some states that are in a state of distress, if you will. I think the interesting question here is, if you look in the history of mankind, public organizations generally do not reduce their spending. So if they do reduce their spending, it will be the first time it has ever happened. So that will be interesting to actually see what happens. But I think the other thing that we are finding is that many of these organizations have not adopted what I would call Commercial best practices. So if you think about, for example, universities that have a decentralized IT structure, and now the Provost University is saying, well, how am I going to meet this budget challenge, well, hey, we know how to do that. It is called server virtualization. So actually I think some of the budget pressures in these public organizations may create opportunities for IT. We find that the public organizations tend to be some of the ones that are -- that have least taken advantage of the newest technologies. So all the things we talked about earlier in terms of high ROIs with server virtualization, we actually don't find nearly as many of those in public organizations as we would all like to see. So I think the budget pressures may create more opportunities there, but you're right to highlight those potential risks. All right. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. It was great to spend some time with many of you last night. Let's go ahead and get started. You know, you are going to hear today about the priorities of the Company, as well as kind of a new look at the assets of the Company that we believe we have to win. You also are going to hear a lot about our enterprise business, which we believe is a significant business and one where we have a differentiated view on how to win in the future. You're also going to hear about our strategic mission, which continues to be to deliver disruptive value to our customers. You are also going to hear about how we intend to do this while balancing our long-term goals of liquidity, profitability and growth. You're going to hear about how we are focused on our core business but how we intend to expand and extend that business into new areas. You are going to hear from our four business unit presidents about the opportunities that they see in each of the four businesses that they are running. You are also going to hear about inorganic growth and how we believe this will be an important enabler for our Company going forward, and how we have made some very good progress for example in the EqualLogic acquisition, and how we're building a capability to make this a sustained part of Dell's growth. You are also going to hear in some detail about our progress on our operating costs agenda, which we believe will continue to strengthen our core and give us additional flexibility. So when you look at our industry, it is really one that is characterized by architectural transitions, and these are brought about by the tremendous improvements in the component technologies and ingredient technologies, and certainly we are in the midst of another technology transition. The incredible increase in the amount of digital information, combined with the experience and scale of the industry, is enabling all sorts of new innovations on many more products. So if you think about the tremendous increase in the number of mobile nodes that are out there -- the rich data, the high-definition video -- it is bringing basically the opportunity to more effectively use information, moving from things like search and data mining to automatic use of information. Now this transition, this newest transition, has two applications. The first is it is really expanding the IT ecosystem and making it a much, much larger set of opportunities. So Dell now participates in a $3 trillion industry with $400 billion of profit. The second implication is it is changing where and how companies like Dell must win. So related to this change is a shift from horizontal products, which are certainly part of the solution, horizontal products like PCs, servers and storage to really solution architectures. So think about infrastructure, the connected consumer, and unified communications as examples. Now we understand this transition, and we are investing to build the capabilities that Dell needs to win in the midst of this. Now if you look at the data center, this is an area that gets a lot of attention, there are significant innovations that have been going on in the data center for sometime. Blades, virtualization technology, converged fabrics, automation and orchestration software making it easier to manage large numbers of servers and large quantities of storage in big data centers. But this is really only the start of the evolution of the data center. Despite all these investments to date, the average server utilization still remains low, and the operating costs of those servers remain high as do the power and cooling costs for those servers. Now by solution architectures I want to be very clear here, we do not mean the idea of proprietary stacks, which has been sort of talked about in fashion lately. In fact, we think the idea of proprietary stacks has been overhyped and overdone. And when we go and talk with the largest customers in the world, we don't hear a lot of demand for proprietary stacks. We have an interesting view on this business also from our DCS business, our datacenter customs solution business, where we build very large data centers for large Web 2.0 firms. And we see nothing like a proprietary stack in those data centers. In fact, we see a very simplified network architecture with fewer layers, fewer subnets, and really a reduction in complexity even at enormous scale. Another interesting view on this is that if you look at all the servers that are deployed and being deployed, a large majority of those end up in smaller data centers. And again, here again we don't see demand for proprietary stacks in those smaller data centers. So our view is that a large majority of the data centers and the server and storage opportunities now and in the future will be based around best values, simpler, more open data center solutions. In fact, the very kind that Dell can provide. So given our position, given our installed base, given our tremendous access to customers of all sizes and given our capabilities, this is certainly where Dell is well-positioned to win and where we will focus. Now we have some considerable strengths and assets that we bring to the market place that we can use. However, we have to recognize that the dynamics of the industry have changed significantly in the past several years, and our competition has improved. So Dell has to adapt and evolve to really fit the changing customer requirements. So let's talk a little bit about what has changed and what is still relevant. Direct customer relationships we believe are still very relevant, even though there has been shifts in buying practices with growth in retail and significant growth in small to medium businesses around the world. Dell's historical strength around its cash conversion cycle and working capital are still very relevant even in a world with retail, small medium business, new channels and an increased use of contract manufacturing logistics. Our strengths in supply chain and configure to order are all still also relevant in a new contract manufacturing world and a world of shifting customer value propositions. And we believe that our commitment to open standards is still highly relevant, even with these new proprietary stacks being presented which we would call really unproven in the marketplace by customers. And, of course, customer value we think is as relevant as it has ever been as customers are extremely focused on costs and IT simplification to drive -- these are increasingly important. So let's talk some more about some of the assets that Dell has that will be important to expanding our profitability in the future. Now certainly one of those is the share position that we have. We are strong in most segments with a number one or number two share position, especially in the most profitable segments. This is a key point. Many of you asked last night about share versus profit, and I kept telling you about profit. We are very focused on winning in the most profitable segments. And if you think about the scale of Dell's business and you see some stats here, we sell to essentially all of the largest companies in the world, certainly the 500 largest companies in the world. We are very well represented. Extremely well represented among the 100 largest. The 10 largest firms, of course, in the US, the sixth largest Internet firms, the top five banks. We sell 140,000 systems per day, more than one per second. We have 2 billion interactions with customers. So certainly our footprint and our access to customers of all sizes is tremendous. Yet we have significant opportunities in emerging countries, in vertical solutions and in smaller customers. A number of you have been asking, what are you hearing from your customers? The economy has been a little rough. What is going on out there, and we try to distill some of this and give you a sense for what is going on. Certainly customers are elongating the lifecycle of the assets that they are deploying. Right now the average lifecycle for a server is about three and a half years. For storage, it is about three years. For notebooks it is three and a half to four years, and for desktops it is four plus, sometimes five years. And certainly in 2009 there has been a deferral of spending, a pretty significant deferral, which we think sets up for a pretty large refresh in 2009. Sorry, 2010 -- refresh in 2010. Now that refresh will be based around a couple -- several factors -- certainly what goes on in the economy; new technologies like virtualization; new product cycles from Intel and Microsoft that play a role there; the ROI around those products; and our ability to again help customers simplify their IT environments. All those will play a role in our ability to drive that refresh. We also believe that refresh will come first in storage and servers and then in clients. This just gives you a flavor of kind of what we are seeing. Now another key asset we have in addition to this large installed base on the client side and tremendous customer breath is what we would refer to as kind of the enterprise capability at Dell. And it is really about a $14.5 billion business that runs across three businesses. The server business where we have recently introduced our 11th generation of PowerEdge servers. These are the best ever servers. And if you look at the offering today, it's really more of a solution, which includes industry-leading systems management and virtualization support. And the PowerEdge portfolio is doing very well. It also includes our new M-series blades, which give us a very strong offering in the fastest growing part of the server space. And our data center custom solutions business, which is significantly growing among the top Web 2.0 firms in the world. We believe we are the largest provider to those firms in the world for scaled data centers. The enterprise business also includes a $5.4 billion services business where we are delivering differentiated modular services with a focus on simplification and cost savings, and we are investing in services delivered as a service with remote infrastructure management. So I will describe more in a few minutes here. And then, of course, we have the storage business. This is a $2.7 billion business. You can see it has grown considerably over the last several years. We are number one in iSCSI with 36% share. iSCSI is the fastest growing part of storage, and one of the key assets in that, of course, is EqualLogic. It is a business we acquired and is now about four times larger than when we bought it. We have expanded the product line. Right when we acquired the Company, we introduced a whole new product line, and we have had several additional extensions of the product line to expand capacity, performance, scalability. The first several were moving further up into larger accounts, and more recently we have expanded down even into smaller accounts. So we have grown the portfolio within EqualLogic, and we will continue to do so. And then, of course, we have a strong alliance with EMC as well. But putting all this together, this $14.5 billion enterprise business, is a great asset for Dell. Now inside this services business, we have a strong base to build on. Certainly the enormous number of devices that we have out there in mission-critical applications gives us a very strong foundation. Our approach in this business is to attack all the other costs that go around the hardware. And in fact, these costs are often many multiples of the cost of the hardware itself. And it is really built around driving cost savings for customers. There are three pillars of the services business for Dell -- ProSupport, ProManage and ProConsult. For FY '09 ProSupport was a $3.7 billion business, ProManage was $1.1 billion, and ProConsult was $570 million. And the ProSupport attach rate since we kind of relaunched that about last year was up 400 basis points. So we have had significant improvement in attach. And as many of you will know, a great deal of this business shows up on our balance sheet in the form of deferred revenue where we have a significant deferred revenue balance. So to give you a sense for how this business really comes together, I will give you a couple of customer examples. One is a large healthcare benefits provider, where we were awarded a five-year contract to basically -- they are outsourcing all of the field support, the helpdesk services and maintenance around all the client devices for this healthcare provider. These contracts are very sticky, and of course, we have lots of opportunity to add value around the core of what we sell there. Another example would be a large European Bank where we were awarded a four-year contract for again all the field support, the asset management, the integration of their images, the deployment of those devices in the field. Another example would be a large global aerospace firm, a firm we have had a relationship with for more than 15 years where we manage more than 100,000 client endpoint devices. And to give you a sense for how these relationships evolve, inside this relationship about 70% of the revenues come from services. The other 30% coming from products. There have been some pretty meaningful shares in this business, and that is certainly where we are pointing this for the future. So looking at our strategy, customers really know us for providing disruptively great value, and that is going to continue. We are committed to improving the core of the business with the customer-focused organizations. You will hear from each of them later today. But we are also going to do that with the benefit of significantly improving our productivity. We have increased our target for annualized cost reductions by the end of FY 2011 from $3 billion to$4 billion. And as anyone at Dell will tell you, the process of finding and seeking out efficiencies is never ending. We are also going to expand our product line into attractive markets and extend our reach into a broader set of customer-focused solutions. So think about the data center, think about services, think about cloud and on-demand IT models that very much leverage the go-to-market engines that Dell has. We will do this through a combination of organic investments, a portfolio of acquisitions, as well as partnerships. Now the outcome to this strategy will be a steady shift to higher margin and higher recurring revenue streams and ultimately more valuable businesses. So the four business units that we have really aligned with customer needs, they capitalize on the competitive advantages that the Company has and, we believe, will strengthen our execution as a business. Our objective with these four businesses is to improve every aspect of the customer experience -- accelerating innovation, increasing competitiveness and driving responsiveness to our customer constituents. And you will hear from each of these businesses. As we looked at our business, we found that for a business of this size, it was really too large to run as one business. We believe also that the creation of these four businesses will give us more accountability, give more control over the P&L to the business unit leaders. And as investors it will give you more transparency, more visibility into the true businesses at Dell and their performance. So we are also building at Dell a disciplined, non-organic process to complement the organic growth inside the core business. So this will include both acquisitions and partnerships, and the process will focus on a couple of key things. The first, of course, is strategic relevance. What are customer needs? How do we capture the key IP that is important? How do we leverage these new assets through the Dell go-to-market engines? What is the impact on the ecosystem, and how do these acquisitions shift the portfolio of the Company in a favorable way? We must understand execution risk, and we must ensure strong integration. We have got to make sure that these have good alignment with our culture and the organization that we have. And, of course, we will look at financial aspects certainly as well. We will look for large synergies that utilize Dell's core strengths, and we will look to create returns that are above Dell's cost of capital. You can expect us to be disciplined with our capital, with your capital, and I think EqualLogic here is a great example. This is a great business. It has allowed us to extend our business into the storage market in a meaningful way. As customers are virtualizing storage, they need scalable solutions, and this is really the best solution in the industry. We have been able to expand the margin profile of this business in a very nice way. It has also been kind of a key test for us in being able to deal with products with more IP and higher margins, and I will put a big checkmark by that. That is working very well. So in summary, our priorities are pretty clear. It is around delivering operating income and cash flow growth and providing disruptively great value to our customers, and over time shifting the portfolio to higher margin offerings and reoccurring revenue and profit streams. So win in the long term, we will extend and expand our portfolio. We will execute a differentiated model in the enterprise, which you will hear more about from our business unit leaders. We will grow the business with a combination of organic investments, partnerships and inorganic acquisitions, and we are focused on winning in the most profitable segments that we see. So thank you very much. Now let me ask Brian to come on up and tell you -- say a bit more. Yes. Well, I think it implies that we would do less than we have in the past but I think we'll still use that as part of the portfolio of things that we offer to -- offer value to customers. It has been a successful -- a successful promotion in the consumer business and there might have been times when we over used it but I think we'll still have it in some moderation. Well, we are pleased with the Perot acquisition and believe that is a great platform for us. I would say most of our focus would be on smaller targets than Perot. So you should not be surprised to see a portfolio of small to midsized acquisitions that we think add capability along the themes that we have talked about in terms of solutions and delivering -- bringing best ID solutions to our customers. Well, we are piling up cash and we think the cash flow is going to continue to be pretty powerful for the foreseeable future. Feeling pretty good about the operational improvements in a working cash flow that are occurring. I think the assets that we have are strong ones and give us a great position to be able to extend as you're suggesting. Asset prices are getting pretty attractive and certainly we're looking at how we're going to expand inorganically. In the last couple of years we sort of entered this process. We previously hadn't really done acquisitions. And in the last couple years have done about ten transactions, only one of them at any sort of size that would get anyone's attention, that was the EqualLogic transaction. That business is now roughly four times larger than when we started and it is significantly more profitable. It's a very, very profitable, fast-growing part of our business. So yes, we'll be looking in that direction and stay tuned. Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us today. I want to leave you with a couple of thoughts. First our acceleration in growth that we saw in the fourth quarter is just the first step as we execute against our five priorities, and we have got a lot more to do to restore our competitiveness so we can deliver long-term profitable growth. Second, we have a significant opportunity to reduce our costs while improving productivity. Third, I believe we now have the most robust portfolio of products and services in our Company's history. And fourth, especially in the enterprise, Dell is uniquely positioned to provide solutions for our customers that allow them to tackle the biggest challenges that they have, reducing complexity and costs by simplifying their IT environments. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at our analyst meeting. We had margin growth in the quarter -- For tablets, it's just as I said. It's Android, Honeycomb and Windows and we have customers that have a preference for either one. It's very easy for us to create platforms that share a great deal of hardware commonality that can run both, either operating system. And we are presently not considering any other options, don't really see any other viable options that are worthy of consideration. Yes, I think it is a question of how many tablets do you think will be sold. If the PC market is 380 million units and the tablet market is take a guess, I'm not sure it's a huge percentage this year. Certainly there is a lot of excitement around Android, and we are participating in that. Lots of folks working on tablets and touch type solutions. I think next year you will see a lot more of them. I think it will be very similar to what you've seen us do in the recent history here where we are looking for relatively smaller sized ingredient acquisitions where we can leverage them with our substantial customer access and distribution. I think you're already seeing us in systems management and some of the software around supporting the systems infrastructure. The case acquisition was completed about a year ago and I think we have more than tripled the size of the business and had really great success with that. We're looking at how we can expand that platform into new customer categories and new capability. And we're finding a great ability to combine more and more offers together. So we have a very strong server platform. The storage platform continues to grow. We have strengthened the PowerConnect line particularly with our own PowerConnect 10 gig switch and software to help the management and orchestration of large numbers of virtual machines. Recently we acquired SecureWorks which has a substantial amount of IP in managing security incidents and has become a trusted provider to thousands of companies around the world. That is a platform we think we can grow quite substantially at attractive margins. If you go to Tokyo and Japan, you'll find that Dell has a very robust business there, too, and the market is already switched there to using the PC and the TV -- using the PC also as a television. That may be a little different usage model because of space constraints, but yes, the tuner and DVDs and that sort of thing are very easily integrated now into the PC. And that is going to be even easier going forward. The Music Store is pretty broad, and I think what you are seeing is that a number of these labels are basically participating across a number of different music stores that are emerging, and there wouldn't be any reason for a particular label to not participate in all of them. So we have had discussions with a number of them and I think you'll see a very broad selection of music in our store. Well, as I said earlier, I think the mission-critical data center activity has been high, and the (inaudible) processor brought out the virtualization wave in a big way because it accelerated the number of servers you could virtualize on one platform. We have been particularly strong with our Blade offering, with our data center system solutions, with our storage offering. We think our 11g combined server and really management solution that goes with that is a fantastic offering that is really resonating with customers, and it is a place where there is a bias for investment inside these accounts. We have also done particularly well I think in some of the mega-buildouts of the 25 largest Web farms in the world. I think we captured disproportionate share there with the DCS business. In fact, that business, if it were a stand-alone business, would probably be the third largest x86 server provider in the US in the fourth quarter, surpassing another brand with three letters. (Video plays --) Re-execute, executing against a clear set of priorities. Driving growth here and with the next billion. Operational excellence based on competitiveness and open innovation. IT simplification for Dell and our customers. A re-energized model, powering leadership in a connected era. Regenerating our people, customers and planet. Good morning. Thank you all for joining us today. It has been a couple of years since we have done this, and I want you to know I really missed you guys. We have been busy at Dell doing quite a number of things these past few quarters, and there are a great number of things in motion as we transform the Company, and we want to tell you about those today. We placed a significant priority on OpEx and COGS, which will give us a better opportunity to address the enormous opportunities we see ahead. So let's get started. Now, a little over a year ago, as we assessed the business, here is what we saw. We saw some areas to be pleased with and we also saw a number of things that we had to go fix. On the positive side, there's a long list of number ones, whether it is in particular segments of the industry or particular product lines or performance of specific products; a $60 billion global business that has a customer base and an installed base of more than 200 million units; direct customer relationships from the consumer to large global enterprises; a strong balance sheet and cash flow with close to $10 billion in cash and generating about $1 billion a quarter in cash flow; a world-renowned brand; and the choice of enterprises around the world; and an enormous opportunity, over $1 trillion of addressable opportunity for Dell to pursue. We also saw some challenges. Declining share, most specifically because we were not participating in the fastest-growing parts of the industry; the wrong cost structure, both in COGS and OpEx; eroded profitability, a combination of the wrong cost structure, inefficiencies in our system and missed execution; and too many priorities, a Company that had too big of a list of things it was trying to go to, it really needed to focus; incomplete product coverage, we were trying to do too much with too limited a product line; and improved competition, competitors who lowered their cost and focused on operational execution. So the entire Dell leadership team is focused on addressing these opportunities and challenges. So now what I would like to lay out is, if you look on the left-hand side of the chart, you will see exactly the same challenges that I described earlier. Then if you go all the way to the right-hand side of the chart you will see the long-term goal that we have established to address each one of those. We believe we have begun the journey to transform the Company and I want to describe our progress along each one of these challenges and long-term goals. So if we take declining share, our goal obviously is to sustain a unit growth premium to the industry. We actually did a little bit of that in the fourth quarter. I will talk some more about that soon. In terms of our cost structure, we have identified $3 billion in annual cost opportunity. We have already reduced our headcount by 5500, and we have a definitive plan to address additional cost opportunities in our supply chain. In terms of profitability, our goal obviously is to sustain EPS growth. Last year, our EPS grew 15% year over year. Our gross margins have improved and we now have a plan to address the OpEx challenges the Company faces. In terms of priorities, we redefined the priorities around the five core initiatives that we will describe to you in great detail over the course of the day. And clearly, our goal is to lead the industry in our performance in these specific areas. In terms of product coverage, we closed a number of the key gaps in our product lines and I am pleased to say that our product teams are really stepping up with some outstanding products that are being well-received by our customers. In terms of addressing the competitive environment, clearly, the cost initiatives will help a great deal here, but we have also established a multichannel presence with the establishment of our PartnerDirect channel program, as well as opening up of retail. Now, looking at this past year, if you go back to the beginning of the prior year, we just finished a quarter where our revenues were down 5% and our units were down 11%. That contrasts with the quarter that we just finished, where our revenues were up 10% and our units were up 19%. And this is in a period where we also made pretty substantial investments in the five key initiatives that we'll talk to you about later in the day. So I am pleased that we grew at a slight premium to the industry in the fourth quarter, and it looks like it is continuing again in the first quarter. Now, I should point out that today the average selling price for Dell is about $1400, actually over $1400. That is significantly higher than the blended ASP of the growth opportunities that Dell is pursuing, in emerging countries, in consumer and in the channel. It is also quite a bit higher than the industry average selling price. The difference, of course, is driven by software and peripherals, storage, services and higher-end configurations that Dell sells, and this divergence between unit growth and revenue growth is likely to continue as we pursue those areas that I mentioned earlier -- channel, consumer, emerging countries. So key for us will be to capture additional services opportunities, additional software and peripherals and enterprise growth as we grow. Now, turning to the cost opportunity, we have identified a very significant opportunity here and aggressively going after it. It is $3 billion of annual cost savings in COGS and OpEx. And to be very clear, we are not satisfied with the current state of affairs. And we're on a mission to address this. We are approaching this from the perspective that there are absolutely no fixed costs at Dell, and every area of the Company is being pursued. So let's start with COGS. We are optimizing our manufacturing network and redesigning our supply chain to deliver the lowest total delivered cost. And this will most certainly involve increased use of contract manufacturers and ODMs. You already saw some actions earlier this week that Mike Cannon discussed yesterday. And we are reducing our development times to speed the time to market of more cost effective designs. We are also leveraging customer information that we have to optimize our product designs. In many cases we have found that we were putting features into our products that customers did not value enough to pay for. And with our direct model we have better information to be responsive to the supply chain in a way that our competitors cannot. Unfortunately, we did not execute on that so well in the last few years; we believe it is still a huge opportunity, and we're now driving this across all of our product lines. We are also reducing complexity, which creates cost at every step of the way. In OpEx, we see substantial opportunity here as well, and we believe our OpEx percent will be down as we end this year. We are rigorously evaluating compensation and benefit costs and expect our investments here that we have made in talent are going to scale with our growth. We are decreasing our headcount. It has declined in the past two quarters and it will decline again in the first quarter. And we will go past the 8800 target previously discussed as we achieve everything that I am outlining today. We are also reducing layers and increasing spans within the Company. And for certain functions we think it is competitive to locate those elsewhere. We are going after that as well. We are taking a hard look at subscale locations, where we choose to do certain functions, and if there is a more competitive location to do that. We are adjusting the design of our compensation and benefit programs to strike a balance between our ability to recruit and retain talent as well as making sure that our costs are in line with industry and with trends. All of our teams are targeting productivity improvement levels and we are building those, building the tools to ensure that those occur. We are also tightening our discretionary spending. And I am personally leading meetings every two weeks, one for OpEx and one for COGS, where we review these in detail and the actions required to address them with a clear target of significantly improving the cost position of the Company. Now, a $3 billion cost structure will obviously help the bottom line of the Company, but it will also help fuel our growth. We believe both are important. So let's get into some of the opportunities that we see. The regional and channel opportunities for Dell are a $300 billion opportunity. We have a significant opportunity to expand beyond North America. Direct is 27% of the opportunity, and we believe we can grow both direct and the channel at the same time. VARs and systems integrators and retail are a $200 billion opportunity, largely untapped by Dell, and we have only 5% share in this segment. We are expanding emerging countries, channel partners, retail partnerships; these are a big part of our growth. And when you add infrastructure services to the global opportunity, it grows to over $1 trillion. Now, the addressable services piece for us, infrastructure services, is over $800 billion. For every dollar that is spent on hardware, there are $2 spent on infrastructure services. And as you heard yesterday from Steve Schuckenbrock, we are creating a new model here that is dramatically different from competitors. Customizable a la carte services built on an integrated platform enabled with remote infrastructure management. And in the fourth quarter of last year, our deferred services revenue grew 25% year over year to $5.3 billion on our balance sheet. And so as you heard from Steve yesterday, we are aggressively expanding the services portfolio of the Company. This leads us to our five clear priorities. I already talked about the left-hand side of the slide, so let's take a look at the initiatives that you are going to hear more detail about today. In consumer, we have over 10,000 retail stores. We are developing country-specific products here. In enterprise, we are leading in virtualization and in iSCSI, and we have an aggressively new Blade platform that is the industry's best Blade product. In notebooks this year, we are creating 50% more product platforms, speeding time to market and driving cost out. In SMB, we're simplifying IT for these customers, adding services and dedicated products. And in emerging countries, we are creating products and services designed specifically for the needs of these customers. And all of these initiatives are enabled with an expansion of our channels, both on the commercial side and in retail. And these initiatives map quite well against the global customer segments that Dell serves. If you look at this chart, what you will see is that the corporate segment for Dell last year grew units at 10%. Industry growth was 8%. So we grew a little bit faster than the industry there. And you also see that we are way overrepresented among large corporations and governments in the world as a proportion of our total unit sales. It's also the area that is not expected to grow particularly fast in the year ahead. I will talk some more about this in a minute. But you also see from this is that in the areas where the industry is growing fastest, consumer and SMB, this is where Dell has been the smallest. Now, looking at last year, we had a total unit growth of 5%. However, we exited the year with a quarterly growth rate of 19%. So clearly our growth accelerated throughout the year, particularly so in the consumer and SMB parts of our business. Clearly, these are why these are big initiatives for us going forward. So let's talk about each of those three segments and characterize the business and the opportunities and how our initiatives map into those. Large commercial and public customers today for Dell, it is a strong business. We're the number one brand in the world. We are strong in developed countries. The direct model is significantly advantaged with these customers. And there are significant opportunities, with enterprise products, with iSCSI, Blades, mega data centers, creating the clouds for the biggest Internet companies in the world. Infrastructure services, moving these customers from products only to products and services, and ultimately solutions. And opportunity in emerging countries where we have only 15% share. We are implementing new sales and support tools to improve productivity, increase specialization and solutions capability, and to improve our costs. The next business is our small and medium enterprise business. Hardware opportunity in the small and medium enterprise and services together is about a $400 billion business. We are strong in North America with 28% of the hardware share, but only 10% outside the United States. This is where our PartnerDirect program will have the most relevance. And one point I want to make is that prior to the middle of last year, Dell was covering 77% of the unit opportunity of the industry with only one product line. We have taken some fairly dramatic steps to change this. We now have a dedicated product line for a small and medium-sized businesses, and you'll hear more from Ron about the product lines that we have created to address the consumer opportunity. So adding specific products, growing the services platform to address the unique opportunities, simplifying IT for these customers, enabled with a unique remote infrastructure management model, and expanding the channels to address more of these customers. Now, in consumer, until last year, our consumer business was essentially in the United States, in the UK, selling this one product line that was covering 77% of the industry using the direct model. We are making a number of changes in the consumer business. There is no question that the business is profit challenged. We have been improving the products and services inside this business. In the fourth quarter, the unit volumes in the United States grew 25% year over year. We have a significant opportunity outside the U.S. to grow this business with only 4% share. Here, we are optimizing our supply chain; taking out cost; building an experienced consumer and retail team to address the opportunities; launching new product lines to address the opportunity we see; building a global retail network -- we have over 10,000 stores today that sell Dell products; and creating excitement and brand lust around the products that we are providing for these customers. So to summarize, we are focused on the long-term goals that I outlined earlier -- creating shareholder value by growing units faster than the industry. We did that in the fourth quarter and we'll do it again in the first quarter; restoring competitiveness by reducing annual costs by $3 billion -- and we will not rest until we have a world-class cost structure; delivering strong EPS and cash flow; executing on the five strategic priorities for the Company; growing the retail and the channel pieces of our business for scale and for profit; and I believe we'll make significant progress this year. So now let me turn it over to Don and I will be back up to entertain your questions. Well, that's a great question. Certainly a lot -- the -- well that's a great question. Certainly the sentiment index is more positive than it has ever been recently and more and more people are getting convinced that it is the real thing. I think there are still challenges there. I mean we're doing quite well in Japan. We had the fastest growth among the top six companies, the units were up 25% and for the first time, we're now number three in Japan. Which we think is a pretty big achievement. But I think there is still, you know, a fair number of challenges in that economy, but having said that it's a large economy. There's a lot of people there. They prize technology and productivity and our business model is well accepted. I also think we are seeing a pretty material shift in the way we are conversing with our customers. So we used to kind of start the conversation around the box, and we're moving the conversation much more to solutions. And so as we get deeper vertical expertise and understanding about customer requirements that is giving us a much healthier opportunity to drive up the margin stack. And you're seeing that certainly in the Commercial businesses and where we continue to add more and more horizontal and vertical solutions into the mix. I laid out very clearly our objectives. I can repeat them for you, but I'm not going to slice it and dice it any finer for you. Our intent is to grow faster than the industry. We did that in the fourth quarter. We believe we're doing it in the first quarter, from all the information that we have. And our intent is to grow earnings per share and to grow cash flow. Certainly, our growth last year was not particularly impressive or remarkable by any standard. And our objective is to do quite a bit better. About $1 billion. Also, the Cloud Solutions business that we told you about in the past has started to win some very substantial orders from some of the large mega scale, hyper scale, data center, search providers, those kind of things. I think the big factors in notebook growth have been the consumer and immerging markets, immerging markets transitioning to notebooks faster than anticipated. I don't really see that slowing down. Once people go to notebooks, they don't really go back to desktops. As the capability continues to improve faster mobile networks, I think -- notebook transition in general has been under-estimated for a long, long time. And we're quite bullish about it. It's obviously on a macro basis very favorable for the industry because in a decade, you have closer to five notebooks that you'll probably use versus a desktop. You're closer to three. And then, if you add on top of that the average selling price difference, that's a pretty enormous difference in terms of industry revenue effect. Mobile products, at least in our case, tend to have a bit more of the protection type services that go around them, as well. So, net/net, I think it's very favorable for the industry. The spending pattern we saw in the U.S. was about what we had thought it would be. We expected conservative spending and that's kind of what we saw, but it is also true that when you're selling a productivity enhancing device that has a defined life, customers can delay the purchase of that for some period of time. However, at some point it becomes counterproductive to have tools that are too old, and so we believe and have seen through any number of cycles that there is a re rebound effect, so we're staying very close to these large customers and we know that even the customers in some of the most dire economic conditions have to upgrade their productivity tools. It is kind of the last thing it will cut, in fact the enterprise business was strong as this is a -- this is a place if you look at like data storage, for example, data storage is not stopping. In fact, it continues to expand at enormous rate and companies have to deal with that, and we've got great solutions for that. Well, our belief is that we've been growing faster than the industry for a couple of quarters now. We believe that will continue. Of course, a bigger question is what's the industry growth going to be? A lot of moving parts there and we don't quite frankly know. We have a good sense for what our demand picture is. And all the indications we have tell us, with the products we have and the efforts we're putting forth, we'll continue to grow faster than the industry. Well, I think clearly the Perot Systems will be the flagship foundational asset in services for us. I wouldn't be surprised to see other smaller potential acquisitions as a result of this after a successful integration, but I also wouldn't look to that at the exclusion of acquisitions in other areas where Dell has an interest in increasing its IP. Tony, I would just like to emphasize that for us, profit growth is more important than unit growth and that will be the defining sort of philosophy that we use here. Well, I would say during the course of the headcount reductions we've done over the last six quarters, we've been adding resources in terms of that customer-facing capability in emerging countries and in new product lines, supporting our enterprise growth, supporting the services business. So we've been making that trade-off and reducing the customer-facing -- improving our customer-facing mix during that period of time. We'll continue to look at the scaling and our mix of resources going forward. There will be a continued focus of adding front line, growth-oriented resources while we continue to look at our G&A structure. As I highlighted at the analyst meeting, a significant Dell has been kind of over indexed to large commercial business around the world. Our growth opportunities are substantially or very significant in consumer and emerging countries wherever selling prices are in fact lower. That kind of explains the client side. On the server side, industry ASPs have been coming down and, as I said earlier, we were the only company in the industry to grow revenue share and unit share. We're seeing some very encouraging things. We have had a great reception from channel partners and retailers. If you take, for example, our business in China, we believe China is going to become the largest retail market in the world for PCs. We, at the end of the first quarter, had about 1800 stores stores selling Dell products in China and the growth rate in units for the consumer business in China was about 140%. We expect we'll have about 3,500 stores by the end of the second quarter selling our products in China, so we are on an absolute rapid expansion in what we think is going to be the fastest-growing country in the world, and the kind of acceptance of our brand inside those partners is very strong. It is no longer a stand-alone business. I think that is a fair way to say it. I would say it's been more geographic. You know, we kind of started in the US and China and now we're pretty focused on some of the big opportunities in Europe and so we're kind of taking it a region at a time and, doing it pretty methodically, but certainly our intent is to continue to have a healthy and profitable consumer business. Well, I think, with the magnitude of growth that we're seeing, I think you'll see OpEx dollars ultimately growing and scaling with the business, once we get it to the right level. Yes, Ben. I would say, again, we have $3.4 billion of cash flow the last four quarters; I would expect some improvement in the second half of the year. The cash conversion cycle dropped by about a day in the quarter. And most of the impact in the quarter was really linearity around sales; we had a relatively back-end loaded second quarter in terms of shipments. So we hope to get some of that back. We are -- we're kicking off internally a regular working capital counsel that will be focused on driving the key levers there for cash flow in the second half of the year. And again, one of the things we're going to do as well is changing the comp metrics for the Company to include a cash-based metrics in 2010. So, cash is a big focus and we'll continue to work to improve it. You know, in terms of targets, I think our intent at the analyst meeting is to give you the fullest view of the Company's strategy and direction, and we will let you make your own conclusions as to what you think the performance of that business is going to be. I think we'll look across the business and look for where we think the best opportunities are. Clearly, we have a much broader product portfolio than they've started out with. We're learning how to do business with them. They're learning how to do business with us and as we get that going, we'll extend it into more regions and broader product categories. I think when you look at our server and storage portfolio in particular, we think there are lots of opportunities to expand distribution. You know, I don't think we're talking about size in terms of revenue and margin specifically at DCS. But I can tell you that the business continues to expand and as we disclosed in the past at 21, it's now 22 of the top 25 clouds in the world. We believe we continue to take share in this space and margins have continued to improve throughout the year. And in fact we see pretty positive momentum as we transition into next year. So without giving you specific numbers in terms of size of revenues or number of units etc. I think we continue to be quite bullish in the DCS business overall. We are focused on profit share, not market share. Thank you for your question. If you look at the grants of options that regularly occur in the Company, they occur on the days that we have meetings of our leadership development and compensation committee. The dates for those meetings are preset well in advance and there's no other day that the significant number of options are issued. For FY '08 we repurchased I believe 179 million shares of our stock and there were 10 million shares that were either exercised or released. And so I think what you can see is that we have been repurchasing well more than the number of shares that have been exercised or released and actually the ratio has been improving in favor of shareholders over the last several years. Well, I don't know how much of this you've heard, but we're starting to get pretty excited about Windows 7 and believe it's going to be an important catalyst for growth. Having said that, it will also push purchases until Windows 7 comes out. So the discussions that we're having with larger customers are all around making sure that they're kind of ready for Windows 7 and waiting for Windows 7 and investment protection kind of things in any devices they might install this year. Well, just stepping back, remember the last two years, you know, we have grown our volumes 40% in the period when the industry had basically zero growth. I think going into next year, we are seeing a number of the larger corporations that have delayed their upgrades and refreshes. They are getting a lot more interested and we are starting to see some of the refreshes occur. And given that they're setting their budgets now for next year, I guess we're feeling relatively encouraged about the corporate market, possibly being a bit better, obviously that's good for us, given our share of position there. But, again, it's really too early to say about the first quarter. But I think you know, these are -- the fears that you are suggesting there it's certainly something that we think about. We weren't diving into that in a big way. We certainly have products there. It appears to us that that this is mostly a complementary product category. Certainly in the emerging countries it looks like it's incremental and kind of new business, and we were also the first with a product with 3G built in and that's allowed us to do pretty well a bunch of the carriers, and we're putting a number of those agreements in place right now. I mean, either it drops to the bottom line or it goes into investment that we believe drops to the bottom line later in the form of more dollars. I think there were selected areas where we were probably more aggressive than we should have been. Mike, why don't you address that? I think we were surprised at how rapidly that business came back in the latter part of last year. And I think we have been pleasantly surprised at how strong it has stayed. You sort of take this on a week-by-week basis, but there is a lot of refresh and a lot of spending that we are seeing. And it is fair to say that the signs are quite encouraging in the day-to-day orders that we see from that business. So I would say there is clearly some end of year effect in that business as customers had confidence that their budget wasn't going to change as they got to the end of the year. They said, hey, what do we want to spend, and what do we want to spend that on. It was infrastructure; it was servers; it was storage. And we captured quite a bit of that. But I think the budgets are in place for this year, and they have a lot of Client refresh in them. They have a lot of server virtualization. They have a lot of storage virtualization. And we are well-positioned to go capture that. I think customers are spending with a lot more conviction at this point in the year than they were certainly at this time last year. Well, if we grow part of direct then that's more channel business for sure. The mix of the partner direct business has been pretty favorable, so the operating margins of that business are relatively similar to the commercial direct business, because of the mix of servers and storage and advanced products. So we're actively growing that, signing up more partners, and I think you'll see that piece of the business continue to grow. It was pretty good. I mean I think there are certainly unit-driven deals that come and go that we may choose to take or not take. In the quarter there were certainly some low-margin, high-unit deals that we chose not to take. I mentioned earlier the kind of pruning of the business. It occurred across many parts of Dell and I think you see it in the pricing, operating and gross margins in the business. Yes, let me just add to that. I think one of the things that makes us feel pretty good is when you look at our results for the first quarter, and we track it down to a lot of different customer segments and segments by geography. Other than the Federal Government, which actually we had negative growth this quarter year-over-year, we have over 10%, so double-digit revenue growth in every other customer segment from consumer to small, medium business, large business, global accounts, Europe, Asia, customer segments within that, so when you're running at that kind of breadth across all these product lines on a pretty strong basis, we come into this quarter, we just had 16%, the way some of this matches up even seasonally it looks like this could be a better quarter for us. Thank you and good morning, everyone. We are excited today to confirm our entry into the consumer electronics category and preview also the new Dell.com site, which is one of the nation's leading online retail stores. I'm joined today by Mike George, who is Dell's Chief Marketing Officer, and he is going to demo the new online storefront in just a few minutes. We're expanding our lineup of Dell consumer electronics and PC products, even as our primary computer systems business continues to be profitable in every segment. Server storage and services continue to represent the largest of a broad range opportunities that Dell has to continue to grow. And extending into new categories gives us another opportunity to revolutionize these products on behalf of our customers, just as we have done with so many other technologies. Consumers tell us they want something they are currently not getting, Dell value in a broader range of consumer electronics and PC products, and we plan to deliver that value with a number of new products. The Dell DJ music digital player-- excuse me, the Dell DJ digital music player with large storage capacity and superior battery life. The Dell Music Store, which will offer thousands of music selections for download and seamless interoperability, either with the Dell DJ or a Dell PC. A multifunction LCD TV and computer monitor, which is perfect for multimedia consumers. A new handheld, the Axim X3, which is lighter and also has integrated 802.11. The new Dell 2200MP projector, which is at a price point that consumers can now afford for home theaters and home use. An updated Dell Dimension XPS gaming system. And the Dell Media Experience, a Dell exclusive software application that will enable consumers to transform their PC into digital home entertainment center. Mike is going to cover the Dell Media Experience in more detail in his presentation, and you will also get a glimpse of the interface that we're quite excited about. Dell.com is a huge part of our customers' buying experience, and attracts more visitors than any other U.S.-based computer company site. And the vast majority of Dell customers go to the site to do research, to configure systems, or to get support. And it is critical that we design Dell.com to provide our customers with the information and convenience that they need. We believe we have done that with the new site design, and Mike George has a preview of our redesigned online store to show you. All right, thank you, Lynn. I hope everyone had a chance to look at some of our new innovative products as you came into the convention center this morning. And for those of you who are joining us online, please take a moment to go to Dell.com/studio to see some of the new products that we've created. I'd like to start this morning by describing a global shift that's occurring and it's really supporting our growth and that's the move to the connected era. As the next billion people come on line they're going to want tailored technologies that allow them to connect, share and access information anytime, anywhere. These digital nomads are going to consume more bandwidth and more storage than ever before. So we're expanding our products and services and innovating to allow Dell to win in this connected era. We laid out several long-term goals at our April analyst meeting earlier this year and we've made significant progress against those goals. For the first quarter our unit volumes were up 22%, or about 1.6 times the industry rate excluding Dell, and preliminary industry data released just on Wednesday shows that for the second quarter we continue to grow faster than the industry with unit growth of 21% in the second calendar quarter. Now we're also executing on our $3 billion cost opportunity, restoring competitiveness and increasing productivity inside the Company. And you'll see these moves begin to flow through in the form of stronger cash flow from our operations, solid profitability and improved earnings per share. In order to align our internal teams with our external goals, beginning in fiscal 2010 we intend to include a metric tied to cash flow generation per share as a significant component of our executive compensation plan. We're moving forward on the key priorities that we've outlined, expanding direct as well as retail and our channel program, PartnerDirect. Now you might recall the last time we met I highlighted five key growth priorities that are enabling us to grow profitably. We're making solid progress against these priorities and they'll remain our focus in the coming year. So I'd like to give you an update on each of these beginning with our consumer business which is a really strong proof point of our restored competitiveness. In the first quarter our consumer revenue was up 20% with a 47% increase in units, we grew twice the rate of the industry. Analyst firm, Frost and Sullivan, also announced the results of a survey this week that awarded Dell the best overall brand of desktops and notebook computers as voted by US consumers. Our consumer business is moving fast and we're focused on where we can execute and grow quickly. We are seeing a great deal of that growth come through our new retail partnerships and online at Dell.com. The opportunity for us is a very significant one if our consumer share, which is currently about 9% worldwide, were to reach the same level as our commercial share, or about 26% worldwide, we would have an $18 billion opportunity. So clearly there is lots of room to grow when it comes to the consumer business. Again, I encourage you to take a look at the products, the new consumer products, that are on display and you'll get a sense as to why we're winning awards and this business is coming back -- already ran 135 awards so far this year. Now notebooks is another area that's providing a great deal of growth and it's expected that notebooks will outgrow desktops this year. We saw this trend and expanded our product portfolio this year with 50% more product platforms. In the first quarter our notebook revenues were up 22% and units were up 43% worldwide and we remain the top provider of notebooks to businesses worldwide. And our goal here is to continue to rapidly grow by developing innovative products that enable us to grow share and reach new customers including those that are small and medium-sized businesses. In fact, we've made tremendous progress in delivering products and services tailored to the small- and medium-sized business opportunity. Those include our new Vostro notebooks and desktops, our PowerVault storage and our customized ProSupport service offerings. And in just eight months after its launch our PartnerDirect program has launched in every region of the world and is now on a $12 billion annual run rate. I'd like to share a recent customer story that really demonstrates some of the incredible things that small businesses are doing with Dell technology. So thank you for joining us today. I want to leave you with a few thoughts. First of all, I am encouraged by the acceleration in our growth. Second, we continue to fill out our portfolio of products and services and you'll see much more from us over the balance of the year and, third, we continue to drive shareholder value by growing units that are premium to the industry, executing on a $3 billion cost opportunity, delivering sustained EPS growth, and executing on our five core initiatives and growing our retail and channel for scale and profit. Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again. Well, we have a discussion every year with our Board, and there's two types of succession. There's planned and unplanned. We don't have either one right now. But if we had an unplanned, our Board knows exactly what to do. At least I've provided that information, do on a regular basis. Planned is a different thing. We don't have a -- I'm not planning to leave and the Board hasn't told me I am leaving, so I am staying. So we don't have either one right now. I'll continue to do this for quite a long time, having a great time. I'm a young guy, pretty good health, doing good. I don't think we're seeing anything dramatically different in component trends on an overall basis. There is always things kind of moving around one way or another, but generally component trends have been following a fairly predictable pattern. The bigger thing for us is the efforts to really design in exactly the components we need and not kind of more or less. I think that's going to be a bigger source of savings and improvement in our P&L. Let's take one more question, Operator. Well, we're driving on attach approach certainly on the attached driven services which are significant for us. But we're also driving more of the business to managed services. We keep winning some pretty substantial client managed services opportunities, which are giving us some annuity streams and some stickiness inside these customers. And again, kind of using the assets that we acquired to shift the business in that direction. And the infrastructure consulting side is growing as well. That's important for us as we sell more complex product solutions. So we certainly want to move more towards services and it's a big focus for our teams. Well, this falls more into the consumer category as we think about it. You'll see smaller-screen devices from us. We've got a nine-inch notebook that's coming out here momentarily or tomorrow, today, something like that, very soon. And I think you'll see smaller and smaller-screen devices, as there is a lot of work going on, on creating the building blocks for volume Smart Phones and things like that. A couple things. We did have almost 37% share of the U.S. server opportunity which was a peak highest ever share for us and I think Dell was one of the first companies to embrace virtualization on the server front a couple of years ago, and it is also fair to say that the combination of virtualization on the server plus the storage and the addition of the EqualLogic offerings I think put a lot of focus with our sales organizations on driving enterprise success. A lot of training, a lot of additional solution resources, and then finally the last thing is I think we've had great success in clout computing both with the business software and service providers and a lot of the big internet companies that Dell I think has won a disproportionate percentage of the large web-driven opportunities and continue to be focused on that. So we were the only server company in the quarter to gain both revenue and unit share. I think you'll see certainly more small things than medium-sized things. But we are quite focused in the data center and the whole solutions area. And I think if you look at the history of recent transactions, it gives you a reasonably good roadmap for the kinds of things that -- to look for. You know, I would be surprised to see the margins improve in Europe relatively rapidly. Clearly for us, we're in the Android and Windows camp. I think Windows really starts to become relevant in the Windows 8 timeframe. You know, there's a lot of activity around our microprocessors, obviously, in tablets to get the thin and low-power lightweight characteristics. So, those are really the attributes. When you go into the enterprise, customers are looking at security. They're looking at applications. They're looking at kind of a robust set of offerings. Those are still being formed, and we're very much active with a number of partners to kind of create those and form them, and as that all comes together, I think you'll see us be very present in that market. So, it's Android Honeycomb on the tablet side, and I think we're still seeing earlier-release versions. That needs to get a bit more mature. Well, I think given the choice between profits and growth we're going to go for the profits, and our belief is that, with the changes that we're making in our cost structure we're going to be able to both of those together. But first priority for us is to retain solid profitability of the Company, and that's what we demonstrated this quarter, and that's what we're focused on. We sort of look at a couple different competitors there. But yes, the opportunity is for it to go higher. There's some question in that number from the competitor as to whether they've cleanly broken out how much profitability is there from printing and how much is from computers. But [just set that aside]; it's a profitable business. And when we look at our consumer business and the actions we're taking, we believe we can drive it to a reasonable level of profitability, which is certainly a lot more than we have today. And so it's about the right products. It's about cost structure. The OpEx in that business has come down pretty substantially as we bring in new products that are really finely tuned toward what we need in retail and in the direct side of the business, as we expand distribution. And expanding distribution -- that's easy. The critical path for us really is getting products costed in the right way so then we can really grow the business in a cash and profit-accretive way to the Company. I think the pricing environment has been pretty straight forward. I wouldn't say there has been dramatically different pricing environment. If anything, we might have tried some things in pricing that we wish we hadn't done, but I would say pricing is has been pretty typical. I would just add to that. Pretty consistently for the last two years, we've been very focused on operating income results, cash earnings performance, and regardless of the environment that we found ourselves in, and it has been a fairly varied environment over the last six or seven quarters, we've fairly consistently delivered -- in fact, I would say consistently delivered on our operating income commitments. That's really the focus of the Company, and I think that if you look at the ability to balance the different factors, whether it was a very difficult component-cost environment, say, a year or so ago, to a more favorable component and cost environment now, then layering in the investments that we've made, the sales force, the specialists, there's been a lot of work that's been done here, and we've done that all with an eye towards operating-income dollar growth, and frankly, it's been pretty consistent. So that's really what we want to get you guys to focus on, and we need to have the flexibility to manage the business on a quarter-by-quarter basis and drive that balance that we're seeking to achieve. I'm not sure I'd add a whole lot to that. I mean I agree with those comments. I think in services, we're -- we have a support services business that's very, very profitable. We continue to grow it as we grow the product business. We are very focused on how do we grow the best cost portion of the services portfolio. We just hired a key executive, the Co-CEO from Wipro, to run most of our Indian operations. We think there's a lot of opportunity there. Again, we are finding, as we add incremental resources into the specialist sales or service capability, a fair amount of leverage with those. So one of our businesses hired a relatively modest number of networking specialists about a year ago and found great success in organic growth of our PowerConnect product line. So now we sort of look across the entire business and say, well, what's the real capacity to do that? How many of these folks do we need? How do we go train them up? How do we build networking [universally] and internally so we create more than -- and the thing same would be true in storage and in next-generation data center and end-user computing and security. So each of these areas we are looking to say what's the opportunity to grow them. They tend to have higher margins than the kind of prior business. I think it might be a little too early to try to speculate on those questions. Certainly McAfee is a company we work with closely and don't really have any thoughts for you at this stage. I would like to understand it a little more, and we will get back to you at the appropriate time. I'd say every once in a while you'll see a larger thing. I wouldn't expect to see a lot of them or very frequently. Is it a high probability? No, not necessarily. I mean, we're finding plenty of things like KACE can be plugged in and scaled to great effect. No. No. No. You're not attacking anybody's book, are you? All right. Thank you for joining us on the call today. FY '04 was obviously a good year for Dell. We had record units, revenues, operating profits and earnings per share. We also gained share in each region and each form factor. We did this while making substantial progress against each of our strategic growth initiatives. Dell is the only company consistently generating profits in computer systems. We're generating industry-leading returns and delivering superior customer value regardless of the economic environment and competitive landscape. Meanwhile, companies with subsidy-based models unable to return greater than their their cost of capital, continue to impair their own financials, as well as the economics of the overall industry. And we stand well positioned for the future as the information technology sector is trending in our favor. In enterprise computing, demand for lower total cost of ownership and greater control of enterprise assets is accelerating the shift to to standards. And in storage, we brought down the cost per gigabyte of our SAN solutions by more than 70% since entering the market in late 2001 and we see room for further improvement going forward. Dell's also at the forefront of promoting standards in consumer electronics and digital media. These trends give us great confidence going into our upcoming year as we continue to drive growth in our core business and emerging markets by delivering exceptional value to customers across a wide spectrum of products. Thanks again, and we look forward to speaking with you soon. I would look for greatly increased emphasis on the design quotient. We've already started that with some new products. You'll see some more later this year that step that up even further. We definitely have a desire to participate in a broader spectrum of the consumer opportunities. But, for the near term, we're going to stay very, very focused on notebooks and desktops because we have enormous upside just in executing that well. But, there's certainly more to do, more to come beyond those. Server revenues were up 19% year over year. We don't particularly think units are a great way to measure the server business, particularly with virtualization. We are more focused on the profit and the revenue with servers, not the units. No. They're kind of spots where we're looking for one capacitor or another, but in aggregate, no the HTDs are in good shape. Well, versus HP, the big difference in the delta to HP is HP's success in retail, which is really not the direct model. That's kind of figuring out how do you move products on boats versus other means, and we're at the beginning of that process. And there's definitely more for us to do there in terms of bringing our consumer business up to kind of benchmark profitability levels. If one looks at the commercial profitability of the client business, I think you'd see a bit different story where, all-in with the direct opportunities we have with Dell Financial Services, with support services, that is a more attractive side of the business. Well, I guess that's why they call it risk. You've got to draw some of your own conclusions about the risk reward for our shares. What I'll tell you is that we believe the opportunities are real. We believe that we have a differentiated strategy that goes into a number of parts of our business. So I think if you look closely at what we're doing in services, I think this is very different from our competitors. I think if you look closely at our SMB business, I think this is quite a bit different from competitors. Yes it's true that we had a number of challenges during the past few years. But I also believe that the direct model provides a number of advantages to Dell that competitors have not been able to replicate through their commercial channels. So, kind of go back to the beginning of the presentation. I think I outlined what the challenges are in our long-term objectives, and gave a pretty objective assessment of where we are and the progress that we're making. I think you'll be able to kind of see as we go through here the progress that we're making. We certainly believe in what we're doing. We wouldn't be buying back our stock if we didn't. And I think there will be folks who figure it out, and they'll benefit from that opportunity. We didn't have any material disruption to supply to -- on chipsets. We are all monitoring this together. Okay? Shannon Cross. Thanks. We're transforming the constitutional structure of the Company with a view towards pretty big savings, and so, as we make these changes our total costs should come down to deliver products. That's why we're doing it, that's kind of what we're seeing. So -- and we do believe we have pretty good leverage in those discussions. If you go to the reconciliations that are at the end of the press release, that have been also included in the tables associated with the webdeck, it is all in there in that walk from GAAP to non-GAAP. So I believe it is $71 million related to COGS, and $15 million related to OpEx. You know, I think it is a bit early for us to be providing a lot of detail on that, particularly given the enormous ramp that the business is in. But we're monitoring it pretty closely. I can tell you that at Thanksgiving, we almost sold out, in fact, did sell out of certain models. And I think we're still learning exactly how to balance it perfectly. But pretty pleased with our progress at this stage. No. Thank you all for joining us today and stay tuned for our announcements. Okay. Thank you, operator. We are certainly I think making progress on our transformational activities and accelerating our operating agenda and cost initiatives. As we demonstrated in the first quarter, we've got strong cash flow and I believe Dell has a great set of assets. We see significant opportunities to expand our business. While we do all this, we remain very committed to balancing liquidity, profitability and growth. Thank you for your time today. We'll talk to all of you again soon. Yes. This is Michael. We are seeing, I think, very good initial demand for our twelfth generation PowerEdge, and we were first to market with those products and feel the product line is incredibly strong. We exited the quarter with the twelfth generation being a little over 25% of the server business, so it is off to a strong start. I heard that about PCs, too. I would point out that if you go back and remember what the conventional wisdom was ten years ago, it was the Dell was going to be a niche computer company because it didn't participate in the physical retail channel. And now here we are ten years later, and Dell is the number one seller of computers to consumers in the United States, the biggest market in the world. And it doesn't have any retail stores. Yes, we have a few kiosks, but the vast majority of our marketing activities occur online, and secondarily over the phone, direct mail. As so I think the trust that Dell has built up with its brand and quality and value that will be apparent in these products will speak for themselves. And I don't have any question that with the value we're going to bring on these products that you are going to see a pretty strong positive reaction from consumers. Remember that there are a lot of inefficiencies in these other distribution channels. That is something we know a fair bit about. I think you'll see telcos that embrace that. And it's a type of product that can easily take advantage of high-speed data in a 3G/4G kind of world. We think it is a multi-year opportunity. We're taking all the right steps for this to be a substantial value creating part of our business. Thank you. Sure, well, again, consistent with our kind of profit goals in consumer, which I mentioned earlier, that's kind of how we're targeting the changes in the supply chain and in the product designs. If you sort of said well, how many available outlets are there, it's probably three or four times the number we're in today. But it would be true that we've sort of gone to the more attractive ones earlier. But it would also be true that we're still growing within the ones that we're in. So we still have a long way to go and to grow in consumer retail expansion. On the commercial side, I think the interesting thing here is that the kind of operating margins are very consistent with the direct business. And this has to do with the shift in mix and the partners really bringing the Dell products to the -- tend to be more enterprise focused into new customer footprint that we haven't been in before. And so that's kind of the focus on the commercial side. We've got about 40,000 partners now globally. You launch the partner direct program at the end of 2007 and we're seeing our partnerships kind of grow and expand with a growing group of solution partners. Well, I am sure it is the goal of our consumer team to have it increase, but you have got to remember that we have a very broad business. And you have got some macro factors to deal with. In terms of the overall world of IT spending, about 82 percent is from businesses and institutions. About 18 percent is consumer. For a company of Dell's size, it is really going to be very hard to move dramatically off those kind of ratios Yeah, go. But we will absolutely stay biased toward profit. I think if you look at our R&D model, we have not only the fastest growth in our markets, but we also have the highest return -- i.e. profit -- on our research and development. So I think our R&D model is quite well-suited to these products and we have no hesitation that we will have the ability to have great products and deliver fantastic value to consumers. No, Tony, I wouldn't read it that way. I think we felt the need to have a platform in services and we think this is the best one. Certainly, you know, we are looking for more things like EqualLogic, which build on a strong IP and allow us to extend the significant customer reach we have into deeper IP participation. So I wouldn't see it as a change in strategy. Well, our belief is that we've been growing faster than the industry for a couple of quarters now. We believe that will continue. Of course, a bigger question is what's the industry growth going to be? A lot of moving parts there and we don't quite frankly know. We have a good sense for what our demand picture is. And all the indications we have tell us, with the products we have and the efforts we're putting forth, we'll continue to grow faster than the industry. I think there's been some understanding of the number of units that are likely to pull, it's a relatively small percentage, maybe in the 1% to 2% range of total PC units through the middle of next year. Certainly with our business being more focused on commercial centered around the Windows 7 transition which is still very much underway, feeling very good about the portfolio we have with OptiPlex, Latitude, Precision, the XPS product line is in good shape. We are ready for Windows 8 Well, Amy, I would tell you that the consumer business still represents roughly 15 or 20 percent of the opportunities for Dell, and that is what we're talking about today. We are not talking about the other 80 to 85 percent. But that doesn't mean that it is any less than 80 or 85 percent. So when you look at the big, broad picture of Dell's $40 billion business, this is a great part of our business, but this is certainly just a piece of our business. So I would not say there has been any change at all in our overall focus. All we're here today to talk about is the Dell Media Experience. Well, we're doing a number of things. The first thing we're doing is, as part of the really relook, clean sheet relook at our manufacturing operations, we have found opportunities to better leverage our supply chain partners. And I think part of that is also creating effectively more than one supply chain alternative for how products reach their ultimate destination. So there is a simplified model here of products that are configured in a less complex way. We have been able to drive an enormous amount of cost out. That will be utilized not only in our direct customer relationships, but in our partner relationships as well. We are also seeing that these partners are quite interested in our ability to deliver small lots very rapidly to individual stores, which takes a lot of inventory out of their distribution system. So we put all this together, we are seeing a nice opportunity here. We are managing closely and watching closely certainly the inventory levels and stocking levels as we go through the critical buying periods and product transition periods in the different countries that we are operating in. We didn't really have any late products. I think the going-forward answer is really a combination of better pricing, execution, and we believe improving costs footprints on new products. And if you've been reading the news in the last few days, you know we're deep into product introduction season. We're introducing a large, large number of new products last week, this week, and you'll see that continue. I think the strong areas continued to be strong. U.S. and Asia had strong Julys. Yes, the one thing that is - that we're focused on, as we focus on the higher profit areas of the client business, is XPS. And we continue to introduce new products there. We had 207% increase in our XPS notebook business this last quarter. And stay tuned for future product announcements. No change. Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. You know, during the first quarter, we once again differentiated ourselves without performance relative to the industry, and we profitably gained market share. We now have met or exceeded expectations for five straight quarters, a level of stability and dependability that leads our industry, and we expect that Q2 will be even better. We should continue to profitably gain market share and maximize operating income while returning to positive year over year revenue and earnings growth. We are now in a stronger competitive position than at any time in our history. Our competitors, on the other hand, have been retrenching and/or consolidating. Confusion still exists in the marketplace, and we will continue to take advantage of this. And while some are backing away from investments in client products, we continue to maintain our product leadership while also increasing investments in the enterprise. Going forward, we're focused on leveraging our core business and expanding broader and deeper into the enterprise. Share gains in our core business will ultimately drive increased revenue growth and higher margins as we convert acquisition accounts to retention accounts. Our focus on growing the enterprise, enabling our customers as we deliver solutions based on industry standards in areas like storage, professional services, and data networking, will also provide growth that is accretive to margins. Therefore, while our performance already makes us a leader among enterprise companies, we believe Dell also offers the most potential for up side as we harvest our share gains and gradually shift our revenue mix to our higher-margin products and services. Thank you again for joining us today, and we look forward to talking with you soon. If you look at our revenue growth, it's been pretty consistently - it's actually been double digits every quarter for the last five quarters, except for the second quarter where it was 9%. So, within 20, 16, 11, 9, 13. With respect to units, we talked earlier about, in the client business, how we are prioritizing profit share over unit share. I would say in servers, this is even more true. And, I would tell you that the unit measurements are almost to the point of being irrelevant. And, the reason is that there are many different types of servers. There are $500 servers, there are $5,000 servers, there are $50,000 servers. And if you want to sell a lot of units, you sell a lot of $500 servers, that's not the way you grow profits and earnings. That's not what we're focused on. We're focused on, how do we capture the value which are the higher revenue, higher margin, more intense work loads. Yes, all the data that we see would suggest that there is still a very large installed base of non-Windows 7 PCs that are going to be replaced by Windows 7 PCs, and the preferred path is a hardware-driven upgrade for most customers. We also see a huge wave of virtualization, Office 2010, and probably that we had talked about as much, but the Exchange 2010 upgrade we believe is very, very strong. And we are right in the middle of all that with our customers. Yes, we believe we gained five points of share sequentially in the U.S. color network laser printer market to obtain 15 points of share in just two and a half quarters in the color network laser market. I think IT spending is still an enormous driver of productivity. And we would expect a reasonably healthy spend environment. And certainly we're indexing our solutions and activity around those things where there is strong appetite. If you look at our business, the Enterprise segment is growing very nicely, Services are growing very nicely. Servers and networking, we had a 13% increase in the quarter. Very strong growth in networking, 43% without the Force10 acquisition and 83 with Servers, which is a very core part of our business, is up 12%. And Services was up 10%. So, we feel in a $3 trillion industry there's plenty of opportunity for us to grow and grow our profits. I'm sorry, there was another question there that was not answered, so I am going to go back and answer that. The question was on digital rights management and there are a number of standards that are being developed and Dell is actively working with a number of the content owners to do that. We believe that content owners have a right to protect their property from theft, and we are supporting the rollout of systems that help protect the content owners in that process. So we're very engaged here with the content owners to make sure that these products are endorsing and embracing digital rights management technologies as they continue to emerge. The question is on -- the next question was on profitability of these products? It is on track for Microsoft launch, yes. I think what we're seeing is that with more and more digital content, whether it is digital pictures, audio, movies, the PC is in a great position to be at the center of that experience, and the Media Experience software that we're introducing provides a great platform for customers to integrate all of those different media types onto their PC. And also I think more broadly is you are going to see other forms of consumer electronics open up to this network in the home, if you will, whether it is products like the Dell DJ or the television signal now starting to be integrated with the computer. I think other forms of consumer electronics ultimately will be onto a more open PC-like network in the home, and as you get more broadband signals, the PCs in a great position to do that. And Dell is the leader in the U.S. consumer market, and our customers are asking us for these features and we are delivering them. I think there is another important point here. I mean this is a company that is making some very significant investments to change the portfolio and the nature of its business going forward. If you look where Dell was about a year ago, we had finished a quarter where our unit volume was declining at 11% year-over-year. In the quarter that we just finished, our unit volumes were increasing 19%. That is a pretty big change in the share momentum of the Company. In addition, when I look at all the investments that we are making, we believe those are the right ones. Would we like to see results coming faster? Absolutely. I think we can definitely do more there. What I'd also tell you is that the line that separates what the server and what the storage is not as clear as it might have been a few years ago. If you look at our 12th generation servers you'll notice that they have enormous disk capacities. And so you're seeing large amounts of storage show up inside the server itself, but 12G is certainly strong. Storage was not as strong as we'd like, and there's definitely room to grow that faster. That -- that has not been as much of an issue for us. I think to some extent, we are -- you know, if you look at our attach rate of panels to desk top systems we believe it's among the highest in the industry, so to some extent created our own supply shortage because we're selling so many of these. You know our teams are actively working to increase the supply and we've done a lot of that. We've increased a lot of the supply. So -- and there's more coming but, yeah, we could have -- we could have used a few more. You know, in terms of targets, I think our intent at the analyst meeting is to give you the fullest view of the Company's strategy and direction, and we will let you make your own conclusions as to what you think the performance of that business is going to be. We can fix it right away. Well, we're doing a number of things. The first thing we're doing is, as part of the really relook, clean sheet relook at our manufacturing operations, we have found opportunities to better leverage our supply chain partners. And I think part of that is also creating effectively more than one supply chain alternative for how products reach their ultimate destination. So there is a simplified model here of products that are configured in a less complex way. We have been able to drive an enormous amount of cost out. That will be utilized not only in our direct customer relationships, but in our partner relationships as well. We are also seeing that these partners are quite interested in our ability to deliver small lots very rapidly to individual stores, which takes a lot of inventory out of their distribution system. So we put all this together, we are seeing a nice opportunity here. We are managing closely and watching closely certainly the inventory levels and stocking levels as we go through the critical buying periods and product transition periods in the different countries that we are operating in. See it very aggressive. Continuing to be so. There's a number of folks that have a vested interest in trying to protect either software or services. So they'll probably continue to price aggressively but we will too. I'm sure there's some component costs and certainly I also didn't mention a lot of the structural improvements that we've made, which are very significant over the past several years. All of those together contributed. If you asked me to kind of parse how much is this and how much is that (multiple speakers) not really going to do that. John, this is Michael. I believe the numbers that we have, the 30,000 is actually current information. I think at Oracle World, it was about 22,000. So it's grown from 22,000 to 30,000 since my talk at Oracle World. No, we are seeing orders and shipments increase pretty substantially in the last -- in the last 30 to 60 days in those enterprise customers, and the pipeline is also increasing. Kim, I'd just add to that too what you see is many customers have policies that require them to have at least a couple of sources, and if those two sources were HP and Compaq, now they with their combination there, then opens up for new opportunities so we found most of those accounts as well and are going after them to requalify, if we haven't been already on their approved vendor list to now be a second source of already many accounts, but this gives new opportunities to enter. Yes, it is a hard question to really parse the individual elements of that. I would just say the benefits and the positive momentum we have on gross margins is really the -- it's a function of multiple things, including a good component cost environment and good execution around costs and solid momentum in pricing. And if you think about that as the key elements that drive it, those are things that we are focused on. And if the environment continues to be good from a component cost standpoint, it should be a relatively good environment for us to sustain good momentum here. Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us today. I want to leave you with a couple of thoughts. First our acceleration in growth that we saw in the fourth quarter is just the first step as we execute against our five priorities, and we have got a lot more to do to restore our competitiveness so we can deliver long-term profitable growth. Second, we have a significant opportunity to reduce our costs while improving productivity. Third, I believe we now have the most robust portfolio of products and services in our Company's history. And fourth, especially in the enterprise, Dell is uniquely positioned to provide solutions for our customers that allow them to tackle the biggest challenges that they have, reducing complexity and costs by simplifying their IT environments. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at our analyst meeting. Thanks, Brian. Our progress in the first half shows that we are executing to a clear and consistent strategy. Demand trends continue to be favorable with our stronger weighting towards commercial. In the client business, we are seeing the corporate refresh cycle continue as both notebooks and desktops demonstrated strong revenue and unit growth. According to IDC, approximately 65% of enterprises have already begun or will begin their migration to Windows 7 within the next six months, and 89% of companies have definitive plans to begin their migration to Windows 7 within a 24-month period. I'm also very encouraged by the progress in our Enterprise business. Customers are increasingly choosing Dell servers, which grew 35% in Q2. Today two out of every five in the United States and one out of every three servers sold worldwide are Dell. We feel great about the progress we are making also with blades and cloud revenues. In storage EqualLogic continues to gain momentum and experience wider adoption, delivering over $1 billion in revenue since the acquisition and about $800 million this year, and we are continuing to build our Enterprise portfolio with our planned addition of 3PAR. Overall we feel good about this demand environment and the evolution of our Enterprise business and the expansion of our IP portfolio in the datacenter. Now I will turn it back over to Rob. As part of our channel programs, we engage channel partners in many ways including providing them leads and opportunities to expand their business with kind of known prospects. That's a fairly standard practice as part of our channel activity which is very substantial one. I'm not really here to change our guidance. What we said is that this year we expect our operating profits will grow 12% to 18%. That's -- it's early in the year. That's our story; we are sticking by it. So that operating profit is growing faster than revenue, and certainly that's a reasonably good rate of growth and profits. We are very much planting seeds that we believe will grow into large businesses for us. If you take a Compellent acquisition, businesses, a quarter after we bought it, about twice the size as the quarter before we bought it. So growing pretty fast and at high margin in a big space. You look at what we did with EqualLogic, I think that's a -- this is a space where we have a lot of permission to a play, very large footprint of servers, storage is growing very fast. So I think you'll see us very focused on continuing to drive growth in operating profits. We hear you. What I'd also tell you is that Consumer Reports did a survey recently that showed that Dell was above average for solving problems with notebooks, we performed 12 points better than Hewlett-Packard, for example. That doesn't justify the kind of experience that you received, but it does say that the kind of experience that the vast majority of our customers receive is significantly better. We have a meeting about every six weeks or so inside the Company where we bring together teams from around the world who bring us ideas. And we are constantly looking for ways that we can become a better company in all of these dimensions. So we are constantly looking at our materials, our supply base, all of the kind of lifecycle impacts and how we can get out in front of this. I think -- if you -- we've been impressed with the rate and pace at which we've been able to grow some of these new businesses. I'll give you an example. The IDC preliminary data came out, it's not a particularly large market, but the hand-held market, it shows that in the most recent quarter we now have 35% market share in the U.S. where the number one competitor has now dropped to 41%. A pretty dramatic shift. If you think about a couple quarters ago we weren't in this business and now we're sort of almost near number one status. And we've seen a lot of growth in software and peripherals and generally speaking, these categories have not had the competitive intensity that the computer market has had, so they tend to be, you know, very favorable to us in terms of our overall profitability. And as we go into fourth quarter consumer season, obviously there's a lot of things that we'll be selling to customers in addition to the printers. (Video plays --) Re-execute, executing against a clear set of priorities. Driving growth here and with the next billion. Operational excellence based on competitiveness and open innovation. IT simplification for Dell and our customers. A re-energized model, powering leadership in a connected era. Regenerating our people, customers and planet. Good morning. Thank you all for joining us today. It has been a couple of years since we have done this, and I want you to know I really missed you guys. We have been busy at Dell doing quite a number of things these past few quarters, and there are a great number of things in motion as we transform the Company, and we want to tell you about those today. We placed a significant priority on OpEx and COGS, which will give us a better opportunity to address the enormous opportunities we see ahead. So let's get started. Now, a little over a year ago, as we assessed the business, here is what we saw. We saw some areas to be pleased with and we also saw a number of things that we had to go fix. On the positive side, there's a long list of number ones, whether it is in particular segments of the industry or particular product lines or performance of specific products; a $60 billion global business that has a customer base and an installed base of more than 200 million units; direct customer relationships from the consumer to large global enterprises; a strong balance sheet and cash flow with close to $10 billion in cash and generating about $1 billion a quarter in cash flow; a world-renowned brand; and the choice of enterprises around the world; and an enormous opportunity, over $1 trillion of addressable opportunity for Dell to pursue. We also saw some challenges. Declining share, most specifically because we were not participating in the fastest-growing parts of the industry; the wrong cost structure, both in COGS and OpEx; eroded profitability, a combination of the wrong cost structure, inefficiencies in our system and missed execution; and too many priorities, a Company that had too big of a list of things it was trying to go to, it really needed to focus; incomplete product coverage, we were trying to do too much with too limited a product line; and improved competition, competitors who lowered their cost and focused on operational execution. So the entire Dell leadership team is focused on addressing these opportunities and challenges. So now what I would like to lay out is, if you look on the left-hand side of the chart, you will see exactly the same challenges that I described earlier. Then if you go all the way to the right-hand side of the chart you will see the long-term goal that we have established to address each one of those. We believe we have begun the journey to transform the Company and I want to describe our progress along each one of these challenges and long-term goals. So if we take declining share, our goal obviously is to sustain a unit growth premium to the industry. We actually did a little bit of that in the fourth quarter. I will talk some more about that soon. In terms of our cost structure, we have identified $3 billion in annual cost opportunity. We have already reduced our headcount by 5500, and we have a definitive plan to address additional cost opportunities in our supply chain. In terms of profitability, our goal obviously is to sustain EPS growth. Last year, our EPS grew 15% year over year. Our gross margins have improved and we now have a plan to address the OpEx challenges the Company faces. In terms of priorities, we redefined the priorities around the five core initiatives that we will describe to you in great detail over the course of the day. And clearly, our goal is to lead the industry in our performance in these specific areas. In terms of product coverage, we closed a number of the key gaps in our product lines and I am pleased to say that our product teams are really stepping up with some outstanding products that are being well-received by our customers. In terms of addressing the competitive environment, clearly, the cost initiatives will help a great deal here, but we have also established a multichannel presence with the establishment of our PartnerDirect channel program, as well as opening up of retail. Now, looking at this past year, if you go back to the beginning of the prior year, we just finished a quarter where our revenues were down 5% and our units were down 11%. That contrasts with the quarter that we just finished, where our revenues were up 10% and our units were up 19%. And this is in a period where we also made pretty substantial investments in the five key initiatives that we'll talk to you about later in the day. So I am pleased that we grew at a slight premium to the industry in the fourth quarter, and it looks like it is continuing again in the first quarter. Now, I should point out that today the average selling price for Dell is about $1400, actually over $1400. That is significantly higher than the blended ASP of the growth opportunities that Dell is pursuing, in emerging countries, in consumer and in the channel. It is also quite a bit higher than the industry average selling price. The difference, of course, is driven by software and peripherals, storage, services and higher-end configurations that Dell sells, and this divergence between unit growth and revenue growth is likely to continue as we pursue those areas that I mentioned earlier -- channel, consumer, emerging countries. So key for us will be to capture additional services opportunities, additional software and peripherals and enterprise growth as we grow. Now, turning to the cost opportunity, we have identified a very significant opportunity here and aggressively going after it. It is $3 billion of annual cost savings in COGS and OpEx. And to be very clear, we are not satisfied with the current state of affairs. And we're on a mission to address this. We are approaching this from the perspective that there are absolutely no fixed costs at Dell, and every area of the Company is being pursued. So let's start with COGS. We are optimizing our manufacturing network and redesigning our supply chain to deliver the lowest total delivered cost. And this will most certainly involve increased use of contract manufacturers and ODMs. You already saw some actions earlier this week that Mike Cannon discussed yesterday. And we are reducing our development times to speed the time to market of more cost effective designs. We are also leveraging customer information that we have to optimize our product designs. In many cases we have found that we were putting features into our products that customers did not value enough to pay for. And with our direct model we have better information to be responsive to the supply chain in a way that our competitors cannot. Unfortunately, we did not execute on that so well in the last few years; we believe it is still a huge opportunity, and we're now driving this across all of our product lines. We are also reducing complexity, which creates cost at every step of the way. In OpEx, we see substantial opportunity here as well, and we believe our OpEx percent will be down as we end this year. We are rigorously evaluating compensation and benefit costs and expect our investments here that we have made in talent are going to scale with our growth. We are decreasing our headcount. It has declined in the past two quarters and it will decline again in the first quarter. And we will go past the 8800 target previously discussed as we achieve everything that I am outlining today. We are also reducing layers and increasing spans within the Company. And for certain functions we think it is competitive to locate those elsewhere. We are going after that as well. We are taking a hard look at subscale locations, where we choose to do certain functions, and if there is a more competitive location to do that. We are adjusting the design of our compensation and benefit programs to strike a balance between our ability to recruit and retain talent as well as making sure that our costs are in line with industry and with trends. All of our teams are targeting productivity improvement levels and we are building those, building the tools to ensure that those occur. We are also tightening our discretionary spending. And I am personally leading meetings every two weeks, one for OpEx and one for COGS, where we review these in detail and the actions required to address them with a clear target of significantly improving the cost position of the Company. Now, a $3 billion cost structure will obviously help the bottom line of the Company, but it will also help fuel our growth. We believe both are important. So let's get into some of the opportunities that we see. The regional and channel opportunities for Dell are a $300 billion opportunity. We have a significant opportunity to expand beyond North America. Direct is 27% of the opportunity, and we believe we can grow both direct and the channel at the same time. VARs and systems integrators and retail are a $200 billion opportunity, largely untapped by Dell, and we have only 5% share in this segment. We are expanding emerging countries, channel partners, retail partnerships; these are a big part of our growth. And when you add infrastructure services to the global opportunity, it grows to over $1 trillion. Now, the addressable services piece for us, infrastructure services, is over $800 billion. For every dollar that is spent on hardware, there are $2 spent on infrastructure services. And as you heard yesterday from Steve Schuckenbrock, we are creating a new model here that is dramatically different from competitors. Customizable a la carte services built on an integrated platform enabled with remote infrastructure management. And in the fourth quarter of last year, our deferred services revenue grew 25% year over year to $5.3 billion on our balance sheet. And so as you heard from Steve yesterday, we are aggressively expanding the services portfolio of the Company. This leads us to our five clear priorities. I already talked about the left-hand side of the slide, so let's take a look at the initiatives that you are going to hear more detail about today. In consumer, we have over 10,000 retail stores. We are developing country-specific products here. In enterprise, we are leading in virtualization and in iSCSI, and we have an aggressively new Blade platform that is the industry's best Blade product. In notebooks this year, we are creating 50% more product platforms, speeding time to market and driving cost out. In SMB, we're simplifying IT for these customers, adding services and dedicated products. And in emerging countries, we are creating products and services designed specifically for the needs of these customers. And all of these initiatives are enabled with an expansion of our channels, both on the commercial side and in retail. And these initiatives map quite well against the global customer segments that Dell serves. If you look at this chart, what you will see is that the corporate segment for Dell last year grew units at 10%. Industry growth was 8%. So we grew a little bit faster than the industry there. And you also see that we are way overrepresented among large corporations and governments in the world as a proportion of our total unit sales. It's also the area that is not expected to grow particularly fast in the year ahead. I will talk some more about this in a minute. But you also see from this is that in the areas where the industry is growing fastest, consumer and SMB, this is where Dell has been the smallest. Now, looking at last year, we had a total unit growth of 5%. However, we exited the year with a quarterly growth rate of 19%. So clearly our growth accelerated throughout the year, particularly so in the consumer and SMB parts of our business. Clearly, these are why these are big initiatives for us going forward. So let's talk about each of those three segments and characterize the business and the opportunities and how our initiatives map into those. Large commercial and public customers today for Dell, it is a strong business. We're the number one brand in the world. We are strong in developed countries. The direct model is significantly advantaged with these customers. And there are significant opportunities, with enterprise products, with iSCSI, Blades, mega data centers, creating the clouds for the biggest Internet companies in the world. Infrastructure services, moving these customers from products only to products and services, and ultimately solutions. And opportunity in emerging countries where we have only 15% share. We are implementing new sales and support tools to improve productivity, increase specialization and solutions capability, and to improve our costs. The next business is our small and medium enterprise business. Hardware opportunity in the small and medium enterprise and services together is about a $400 billion business. We are strong in North America with 28% of the hardware share, but only 10% outside the United States. This is where our PartnerDirect program will have the most relevance. And one point I want to make is that prior to the middle of last year, Dell was covering 77% of the unit opportunity of the industry with only one product line. We have taken some fairly dramatic steps to change this. We now have a dedicated product line for a small and medium-sized businesses, and you'll hear more from Ron about the product lines that we have created to address the consumer opportunity. So adding specific products, growing the services platform to address the unique opportunities, simplifying IT for these customers, enabled with a unique remote infrastructure management model, and expanding the channels to address more of these customers. Now, in consumer, until last year, our consumer business was essentially in the United States, in the UK, selling this one product line that was covering 77% of the industry using the direct model. We are making a number of changes in the consumer business. There is no question that the business is profit challenged. We have been improving the products and services inside this business. In the fourth quarter, the unit volumes in the United States grew 25% year over year. We have a significant opportunity outside the U.S. to grow this business with only 4% share. Here, we are optimizing our supply chain; taking out cost; building an experienced consumer and retail team to address the opportunities; launching new product lines to address the opportunity we see; building a global retail network -- we have over 10,000 stores today that sell Dell products; and creating excitement and brand lust around the products that we are providing for these customers. So to summarize, we are focused on the long-term goals that I outlined earlier -- creating shareholder value by growing units faster than the industry. We did that in the fourth quarter and we'll do it again in the first quarter; restoring competitiveness by reducing annual costs by $3 billion -- and we will not rest until we have a world-class cost structure; delivering strong EPS and cash flow; executing on the five strategic priorities for the Company; growing the retail and the channel pieces of our business for scale and for profit; and I believe we'll make significant progress this year. So now let me turn it over to Don and I will be back up to entertain your questions. Well, on the VAR channel, we've actually seen pretty good partnership on services, and they tend to take a richer mix of products with enterprise products. So, on an operating income basis, that's a healthy business for us. On retail, that's a different story. And really, lots going on, on the product side, to engineer products that allow us to improve the overall portfolio of profitability of consumer. It was pretty good. I mean I think there are certainly unit-driven deals that come and go that we may choose to take or not take. In the quarter there were certainly some low-margin, high-unit deals that we chose not to take. I mentioned earlier the kind of pruning of the business. It occurred across many parts of Dell and I think you see it in the pricing, operating and gross margins in the business. The partner business is running at about a $12 billion annual run rate. We've got about 23,000 partners in the Americas at about 43,000 globally. We've got PartnerDirect, the partner program running basically all across the world now. And it's a compelling program. It's easy for these partners to sign up; they take advantage of our build-to-order capabilities. They're taking advantage of our services. We're seeing a healthy mix of products with these customers. They tend to sell our enterprise products. And so that's going pretty well. Yes, one of the services that Kevin mentioned and we've actually been piloting this in -- in a sort of a beta mode now for a couple of months is the service called Tech Connect. And it's part of a Dell on-call service that we're offering to consumers. And essentially when a user has issues with their machine, a lot of soft errors, spyware, those kinds of things, they can, on the internet, go to Dell.com/remote and they download a small piece of software. When they call us or they're on-line with us they're given a special code that they enter in and it allows with the customer's permission our technical teams to go on that customer's computer and basically fix the problems every step of the way asking the customer for their permission. And we found enormous satisfaction with this tool. Much faster speed to resolution and we think it has great applicability for a number of the -- of the let's say challenged users out there who -- who we can help solve these problems more quickly. I think it's pretty interesting. Whenever a new device comes along, it's always kind of fun to get one and play around and kind of see what's it all about. My view is that these devices are really good for content consumption, and they are not so much content creation devices. And they also appear to be devices that create a whole new usage pattern and a whole new demand for data, which is a good thing. And they don't necessarily replace any existing device, per se. Could you, on occasion, use this device instead of another device? Yes, but generally speaking, the tablet form factor looks to me like a whole other device and a whole other purchase pattern. Yes, you know, as we said, it is a bit of a tougher environment for us in EMEA in public. In terms of the scale of our business, we have a much bigger public business in the US and in North America. So despite the fact that it is a bit of a challenging environment in EMEA, the overall impact on our public business will not be that big, and we would be obviously much more heavily weighted towards the US public sector. Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us today. I want to leave you with a couple of thoughts. First our acceleration in growth that we saw in the fourth quarter is just the first step as we execute against our five priorities, and we have got a lot more to do to restore our competitiveness so we can deliver long-term profitable growth. Second, we have a significant opportunity to reduce our costs while improving productivity. Third, I believe we now have the most robust portfolio of products and services in our Company's history. And fourth, especially in the enterprise, Dell is uniquely positioned to provide solutions for our customers that allow them to tackle the biggest challenges that they have, reducing complexity and costs by simplifying their IT environments. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at our analyst meeting. Well, our goal is certainly not to mismatch them. And I think I kind of pointed earlier that we didn't match them as well as we would have liked to in Europe. As you mentioned, integration will be a big focus here in ensuring we have a successful integration. We have done about eight other acquisitions in the last few years and our philosophy toward acquisitions has not really changed. I think you will see us selectively add to our portfolio to build capabilities in the areas that we see critical for us. Yes, Maynard, we don't really talk about -- those are competitive discussions, and actually we would rather not talk about that. So I think what you have is pretty much all we are going to talk about. And that -- they're working -- Well, on the VAR channel, we've actually seen pretty good partnership on services, and they tend to take a richer mix of products with enterprise products. So, on an operating income basis, that's a healthy business for us. On retail, that's a different story. And really, lots going on, on the product side, to engineer products that allow us to improve the overall portfolio of profitability of consumer. The partner business is running at about a $12 billion annual run rate. We've got about 23,000 partners in the Americas at about 43,000 globally. We've got PartnerDirect, the partner program running basically all across the world now. And it's a compelling program. It's easy for these partners to sign up; they take advantage of our build-to-order capabilities. They're taking advantage of our services. We're seeing a healthy mix of products with these customers. They tend to sell our enterprise products. And so that's going pretty well. Well, the consumer retail business doesn't have as much service attached to it for sure, but during the quarter we had continued progress of our new ProSupport offering. Attach rates were up 24% on a year-over-year basis which is pretty staggering for an offering like this. We're putting a lot of resources in to really solution selling. As I mentioned earlier, the focus on servers, storage, and services, things that start with S is a big focus for the 10s of thousands of sales people that we have out there talking to our customers, and software too. Software and Peripherals has been Tier 1. You heard it right, yes What type of bump are we talking about here? Yes, Tony, your speculation on the channel inventory I think when these things happen in our case, we may have accentuated some of our own shortages because of the drive for units. But in the midst of pretty dramatic part transitions, that's always an environment that tends to favor us. In other words, if the channel has loaded up with all the old stuff and here we come into the back-to-school season, fall, with brand-new, award winning fresh products, it's going to be very hard to clear those out without just a disaster in terms of profitability in the channel. Yes, we are seeing a strong pipeline in storage and feel very, very good about the product line that we have there. Yes, that's right. The demand has been pretty steady, as Brian said. The upgrade programs that companies have tend to be multi-quarter and we haven't really seen significant change in those. Thank you, Brian. We are off to a solid start in FY 2012. (Technical difficulty) profit increase demonstrates that our strategy is working and our execution is improving. As Brian said, we are laser-focused on executing our strategy to drive efficient and flexible enterprise solutions for the virtual era. We're moving much more into the core of IT and into the data center, increasingly with our own intellectual property. We've fine-tuned our focus on three key solution domains, next-generation computing solutions and intelligent data management; services, security, and cloud; and end-user computing. Each of these solution domains represents key areas where Dell has to win. As a design principle, we're creating solutions that are open, capable, and affordable. This is an increasingly differentiated position that customers love. We built a significant leadership position in servers, having sold around 15 million of them during the past decade. Now we're extending that strength further into storage and networking. In servers, this quarter we launched vStart, which combines servers, storage, and networking and management software to provide customers with hundreds of virtual machines that are pre-configured and ready to run. In storage, we're really excited about our Compellent acquisition and the tremendous ramp and customer enthusiasm we're seeing for our newest SAN solution. This quarter, we also launched our first NAS product based on our Exanet architecture we acquired a year ago. Combined with our number one position in iSCSI storage, we are quickly becoming a technology leader in intelligent data management. With our own IP, we expect this will continue to be a source of expanding margins and profits. In services, Steve Schuckenbrock has refined our strategy, and you will see we're focused on winning business where Dell can lower the overall cost of service delivery. To get there, we're building out capabilities in multi-vendor support and remote infrastructure management, security, and application management for the data center. We also launched an initiative to invest $1 billion to add solutions focus resources to build out data centers and solution centers to help our customers as they begin to migrate to private and public clouds. As our results demonstrate, our strategy is working well. We have the strongest IT solutions in our history, and we appreciate the trust and confidence our millions of customers place in Dell each day. We'll have more to share with you about our strategy and the IT solutions we're creating at our meeting in June. We look forward to updating you all then, more on our progress. With that, let's open it up for questions. Steve, why don't you mention what we've done recently with GlassHouse, and what we're doing in remote infrastructure management, because I think that's probably more relevant to your question. Yes, we were actually growing in blades. Blades are a pretty concentrated business, so it's really kind of one-and-a-half competitors there. We have done some pretty interesting things. We have blades that have a 50% greater memory footprint than our competition. We use about 20% less power comparing our blades to our competitors, and so it's been a nice area of growth. And we also introduced a four-socket AMD blade and now, of course, with the Shanghai processor it's in a pretty good position. The kiosk program that you are referring to is a fairly focused program for us to present a face to Dell in some of the high-traffic malls around the country. We will be very modestly expanding that program, but it will be a modest expansion. We do think those kiosks are a great way to interact with these new products, but we view it very much as a supplement to our phone business and Dell.com, which will continue to be the primary ways that customers interact with Dell and with these new products. We had margin growth in the quarter -- Well, we think we are holding or gaining share in the right kind of price points. Our efforts on the cost side should expand our ability to profitably compete in a larger portion of the price points. What I would also tell you is that the pipeline of client opportunities -- we are already seeing more client activity in the last 30 to 60 days than we have in a long time, and the pipeline for client activity kind of going forward into next year is the strongest it has been in a long time as well. So if I look at our commercial businesses, the second quarter was kind of the bottom. The third quarter was certainly better. October was the best, and November looks even better than October. So the momentum of the turns is good. What was the first question, again? I think you are going to get a sense for that with Mark Jarvis's presentation. What I will tell you is that we are clearly expanding the horizons of what the Dell brand means as we go into emerging countries. Today, our brand is kind of known as, well, if you work at a big company, you have Dell. Not necessarily a bad place to start, but our brand needs to be more friendly, more approachable as we go into that space. On the other end of the spectrum, we are moving deeply into the data center and taking on more enterprise responsibility for the biggest companies in the world. We want to extend that piece of our brand as well. And we are injecting much more innovation and differentiation into our products, which is starting to come out in the designs and styling. So, for example, our sales teams are making a transition to essentially what we will call value selling as opposed to cost based selling. You know, I think it is a bit early for us to be providing a lot of detail on that, particularly given the enormous ramp that the business is in. But we're monitoring it pretty closely. I can tell you that at Thanksgiving, we almost sold out, in fact, did sell out of certain models. And I think we're still learning exactly how to balance it perfectly. But pretty pleased with our progress at this stage. Among our rank of vice presidents in the Company, we have a significant number of very senior women that work for each of the members of this team. In fact, I think every single one of you has at least one, or in many cases several women on their teams. Is your question why don't I have any women working directly for me? Well, I'll tell you, I tried. I tried in every single position to evaluate a range of diverse candidates, asked the search firms to bring me diverse candidates, interviewed diverse candidates, found diverse candidates, and ultimately selected what I felt was the best candidate. But I've got to tell you I'm disappointed that we don't have more diversity on our team. I think there are many forms of diversity. And I think as a company, a more close examination would find that Dell is a company that actually embraces diversity in quite a broad way. But would we like to see more diversity on our team in the future? Absolutely. Thank you. Yes, I think it's something we'll look at from time to time. Again, I think if one looks at the business currently, in first quarter we had 21% revenue growth. We had 29% growth in operating income. I think there are clearly transitions going on in the business which decrease some of the near term operating leverage as we're making investments around the Company's future. But, those are, we believe, the right investments. And I think if one looks at the progress around services, around the EqualLogic business, around the server business, I think there's a whole lot there to like. So, I know some investors have been kind of picking apart the sum of the parts. And we did some work to quantify different parts of the business on the last call. I think at our analysts' meeting coming up in a few weeks, you'll hear more from us about the different parts of the business. And I think it'll give investors more opportunity to really understand what the long-term value creation opportunity here is. And we think it's significant. I want to point -- actually to that point and it's kind of interesting because there was a lot of dialogue about the IBC data that had us up 20%. Well, I think the consumer Average Selling Prices are down considerably. You can see this in some of our other competitors who had even larger drops in average selling price than Dell did. But clearly we're going through a pretty major change in the consumer business. We're committed to running the business in a 1% to 2% Opinc range, and confident that we can improve the margins over time. Sure. Well, just to be clear, we didn't change our revenue recognition policy, didn't change any accounting. We're transforming the constitutional structure of the Company with a view towards pretty big savings, and so, as we make these changes our total costs should come down to deliver products. That's why we're doing it, that's kind of what we're seeing. So -- and we do believe we have pretty good leverage in those discussions. Those books are defenseless. They can not (inaudible). They're static. What are they going to do? Ben, we also have in our development pipeline for next year a continuing strengthening of the high end of the product line where Dell has historically led and we intend to continue to lead. We're also going to participate of course in the mid-range and in the entry space as well. That's most of our costs, here on the product side, yes. Well, I think, with the magnitude of growth that we're seeing, I think you'll see OpEx dollars ultimately growing and scaling with the business, once we get it to the right level. Yes, it's very levered to new product introductions where we have made a much better future value trade-off, as Brian mentioned earlier. And we believe that derives a significant portion of this. I don't want to specifically comment on any particular vehicle. I will just leave it at we currently do a very extensive level of online advertising today and expect that to continue to expand. Yeah, Bob that's what we're running to is, to make sure that we're showing the growth that would find its way to EPS; and it comes in the form of operating income dollars, not so much what happens to the margins at the gross margin or the operating expense line. Yes, we will be looking to do that both organically and inorganically. Yes, the acquisitions are going pretty well. We've kind of looked at each one and I think very much on track with where we thought they were going to be. EqualLogic is by far the largest one, and it's the one we're spending the most time on, because we believe that that's a core part of the portfolio. Again, given the footprints that we have and the client environment, adding service ingredients that we can provide to millions of clients and create a network effect is very powerful. We're seeing that play out with Everdream, with ASAP, with MessageOne, with Silverback, and certainly, with EqualLogic. Okay? Shannon Cross. Thanks. The business doesn't really consume any capital to speak of. Well, we can do everything that our competitors have figured out how to do at retail, and that's pretty well understood and documented. There are a few other things that we're doing. We have a series of pilots going around the world that we kind of call Dell.com at retail. What that means is, if you go into a Croma store in Mumbai in India, and you want to buy a Dell Computer, there's a kiosk there. And the person at the store takes you through the buying experience online at Dell.com. And there you get the attach of all the things you'd get if you went to Dell.com all by yourself. We haven't seen any lack of interest in our discussions with contract manufacturers. So, that's a business that we're starting up with a number of retailers in the US and around the world. It's a very simple and leveraged business because there's no inventory and it leverages all the Dell.com infrastructure we have today. And it looks to be nicely accretive to the consumer P&L. Well, on the VAR channel, we've actually seen pretty good partnership on services, and they tend to take a richer mix of products with enterprise products. So, on an operating income basis, that's a healthy business for us. On retail, that's a different story. And really, lots going on, on the product side, to engineer products that allow us to improve the overall portfolio of profitability of consumer. You know, if you look at our storage business, we had EqualLogic growing 66%. It is now over $800 million run rate. We continue to invest in that business. You have seen how we have purchased Exanet to add CIFS and NFS file system capability; Ocarina to add deduplication and compression capability. We are going to continue to build out that portfolio. We have a 10-year relationship with EMC. That relationship continues to evolve and believe that we will continue to be working with them as well. So when we look at the growth in the gross margins in our storage business, we are quite pleased with the -- the gross margin in this business has roughly doubled over the course of the last two years. So we are very focused on continuing to grow our storage business. And for us the measures of success are profitability and pretty pleased with the progress we are making. Speaking with customers the last day or so, you hear more kind of indications that it might affect their orders as opposed to actually seeing the changes just yet. Interestingly enough, this backlog situation has given us an ability to have some quite constructive conversations with customers saying, wow, we were kind of surprised by the demand. Let's have a conversation about what your needs are and make sure that we know what those are so we can hold your place in line for the product. And so far, it looks pretty good. I mean, it wouldn't surprise me if there's some effect in some parts, whether it's mortgage industry or financial services. But, broadly, it looks pretty good. Well, I'll tell you, you know, I'm pretty skeptical of the phrase need to do a transformational acquisition. So I would probably never embrace that as an idea. Okay? What I'll tell you is that we absolutely believe that our software services are going to be more important to our future. And does that tell you we're going to likely do more acquisitions in those areas? Yes. No, I don't have any data like that, but I can tell you anecdotally that we have customers that have installed bases of 4- and 5-year-old machines, and they have had planned to deploy new machines, and for budget reasons haven't done it yet. So those are -- we are convinced those will occur. But they are delayed. Yes, Toni, there's one possible scenario that you left out. And that is that Dell has a high share of the commercial space in Europe, but a very low share of consumer. And that's exactly what you'll find was the anomaly. In fact, we gained share in the commercial segment in Europe, and we are almost infinitesimally small in consumer in Europe. Thousand dollar servers. It's a pretty small percentage today. Certainly we're very focused on -- on, 3G originations and, how the inclusion of 3G radios in our products, increasingly and positively affects the economics. Neither am I We'll talk to you in April in terms of the time lines on those. I think what we wanted to make sure is that everyone understood to still have a 60 billion target when we're getting real close to that this year is kind of silly, so we're going to lay something out and describe it in detail how we'll get there in the April meeting. Regarding one of our services, it's kind of hard to give you an attach rate because if we're doing a managed service activity or a professional services, it's not attached to a unit. And so the attach rate phenomenon doesn't really make as much sense as it might have when we were selling just a consumer PC with an extended warranty, so it's a little hard to give you attach rates. We have attach rates on various offerings, but it's kind of hard overall, because we're now getting such a diversified services portfolio. We have service offerings that are up into the 80 or 90 percent range on a lot of our enterprise products. Then you have managed services or you have deployment services or professional services which are sold to a company at large, and so attach rate doesn't really make as much sense there. Hope that helps. We don't have kind of the numbers anymore by attach. Yes, the processors as was mentioned is a significant one. And I think we have in systematically adding products in a way that is going to provide significant benefit there in our cost. We are also undergoing a kind of full re-examination of all of our procurement and supply chain practices to look for new opportunities. The process that we've had for the last several years has generally worked quite well. Although we've reached a share point and a critical mass where we are seeing some new things. I am not quite ready to talk about it yet. But we are exploring all sorts of ways to accelerate new releases in cost improvement. Yes, I think -- we think cash will be better than net income for the year. Yes, I mean, if you look at the services portfolio, it grew about 14% in revenue terms. Pro support, which is a new offering in the core of the business I think grew 18%. We just rolled that out a couple of quarters ago, and it's getting increasing traction. The deferred revenue in services increased $1 billion year-over-year in the second quarter. So the area for us really to grow today in the next couple of years, is infrastructure services. What we're doing here is very different from the labor arbitrage, where you move labor offshore; it's really using technology to better manage the infrastructure. And so if you think about the footprint of Dell's client and server environment, where we're selling roughly 1 million computers a week, some fairly substantial portion of those go into managed IT environments inside corporations, institutions, governments. And the opportunity for us to go after the $2 for every $1 that's spent on the hardware is pretty substantial. So, an example of this would be, in the first year of a customer relationship, it's not atypical for us to win the client business. We'll start with the client business, we'll win the desktops, we'll win the notebooks and maybe some basic services with it, but that's kind of where we would start. In the second year, we'd probably start to win some server business around the edges of their business. Maybe we'll win the software licensing and some peripherals and start to branch out into more of the locations and geographies of a company. We might be, at that point, the sole supplier of client products. By the third year, we're going into managed services, we're going into storage. We're doing seat management. What does that really mean? It means that we've become the IT Company -- we become the IT department for the client environment inside that customer. So, we manage all the client environment. We manage all the security software. And we've created a large number of tools, some through acquisition, some through organic development, that help us dramatically reduce the cost of managing that client environment. That's sort of the progression that we would move along. So, for us, the client business is really the first -- it's the anchor tenant, and that's kind of where we start. We move from there into servers and storage and services. There's a lot of white space for us to grow here. Most customers that we talk to don't really have it as a goal to be the best in the world at managing their client infrastructure. They would love for us to take this problem off their hands. Virtualization is a big, big, kind of megawave that's going on inside almost all businesses today. We've got a huge virtualization practice in our consulting business. That pulls higher end servers; it pulls EqualLogic storage, and implications on storage and virtualization are quite positive. So, for us, it takes time to kind of seed yourself inside these accounts, but the place to start is with the client. You -- I'd actually just add one thing. Our share in the US -- well, first of all, in the commercial client, we've been number one in the world for eight years. And in the US, with kind of medium and large-sized companies, we have about half the industry. So, we have an incredibly large footprint to expand infrastructure services across those accounts. We see the netbook for us with a relatively low share in consumer, as part of the consumer opportunity, but, I continue to believe it's mostly incremental. And even more so given our share in consumer. We're continuing to expand the offering. We've been particularly focused on 3G and, agreements with carriers, embedding 3G, using our own sales engines as well to sell 3G net books and obviously, broadening the range of products starting with 9, 12 and now 10 inch. I think we are highly differentiated in SMB and we are finding that the acquisitions we are making have their fastest and first takeoff in SMB but also applicability to all of our commercial businesses. Yes, we generally don't comment on these kinds of legal litigation activities. I mean this is a case where we are not even involved in the litigation. So it would be difficult to comment in a lot of detail. Actually, we sell servers to everybody. So, it's okay. I would say we are seeing some nice opportunities across both of the businesses as we bring them together. The integration has gone well and we are able to provide customers now with a much broader suite of offerings. That is yielding new opportunities that neither organization were able to go access. We still have a big, organic buildout in front of us around the world in services. So we have roughly 1% share in IT services, so there is a lot of white space for us to go cover there. But very pleased with the integration at year-end, particularly in the verticals where Perot had strength. We are seeing tremendous success, for example, in healthcare, and we can grow this a lot more. Generally speaking, there is more demand in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year. So, for me to predict that component environment will lighten up in the second half of the year, I don't really see that. If I were to predict it, I would say it would likely be a first half of next year when you have a more typical pattern kind of begin to emerge. That would be my estimate. Well, let me speak first here and then I will let Larry chime in if he would like. We are the number one provider of x 86-based servers in China. In fact, our business there grew 85 percent last year in servers. So it's a strong business. We accounted for 126 percent of the growth of the market. And we are basically bringing this relationship to China, offering licenses to customers in China. It's going to be easier for customers to deploy Oracle products, running Linux or Windows. And as the leading server provider, we are seeing a lot of demand for database products in China. We're also working in China with Red Flag Linux, which is quite popular among some of the Chinese customers. It's still pretty good. I think we are in a little over 43,000 retail locations, up a little over 22% from the first quarter. And we are seeing good traction inside those retail outlets. On the AMD part of your question, there are some startup costs involved. We have been pretty thoughtful about this in terms of our architecture and different platforms that we're introducing, and believe that those will be paid back very, very quickly, given the major nature of this thing. So some startup costs, but absolutely the right thing to do. We only get to report every 90 days, guys. I mean that's -- You know, as I think we have said, it has become very, very difficult for us to continue to parse out the Perot stand-alone business. Much of that has been integrated and transactions moving through different systems now to the point where it is hard to tell. Fine, whatever. So the installed base of PCs is 1.5 billion. Gartner says there will be 2 billion PCs in 2014, so 1.5 billion, 2 billion PCs, 30 million, 40 million tablets. I think it's important for us to put it in perspective, and also when you go into this kind of corporate environment and you say how many corporations are actually going to buy a third device for their employees? You've got a lot of rich people here in the audience who buy their own device, great, fantastic. Last night, we had a bunch of CIOs, some of them from some very expensive universities in the area. You ask the CIO what are kids bringing to school? Parents will buy the kid a smart phone, a Notebook, and a tablet to go to school. They'll buy them a smart phone and a PC. If they want to buy their own tablet, the kid's got to pay for it themselves. Yes, I think -- we think cash will be better than net income for the year. I think what this really speaks to is the purity of the demand signal that we have and what I would tell you is that, we did not see a dramatically volatile demand signal. We saw changes in the demand week to week, but, you We saw changes in the demand week to week, but when I look at the results and some of the statements from other participants in the industry at various levels in the supply chain, they're quite a bit different from what we see in the end user, end customer demand on the day to day basis. So I think, here again, having this contact with customers on a regular basis gives us a great opportunity to tune the business appropriately and we feel good about that. So -- Brian. That's a great question. I don't really know. I think that -- would we like to gain share? Sure we'd like to gain share but we're more focused on having solid profitability. I don't think we really know what the growth of the industry's going to be next year. We're planning a pretty conservative set of assumptions on the belief that it's easier to dial it up than to dial it down. Yes, I think -- we think cash will be better than net income for the year. You know, in terms of targets, I think our intent at the analyst meeting is to give you the fullest view of the Company's strategy and direction, and we will let you make your own conclusions as to what you think the performance of that business is going to be. Thank you, Brian. We are pleased with our progress in an uneven demand environment globally. We also want to reiterate our commitment to optimizing operating income and cash flow growth over time. The first half of this year saw our revenues down 23%, but up sequentially in the second quarter, with order rates improving in July and that's extended into August. That particular strength in our enterprise products and services with our EqualLogic storage and our 11G server platform. Excluding $272 million in OE expense, we delivered first-half EPS of $0.52. Cash flow from operations was $1.8 billion, and we built a solid cash position. Our results demonstrate the power of separating our commercial businesses. Our public business, for example, had strong sequential growth in almost every product group and customer vertical. Now when we look ahead, we see a pretty powerful new product cycle. When you think about the new Nehalem processor family from Intel; Windows 7 to replace, effectively, in many customers, Windows XP, which is soon to be an 8-year-old operating system; Office 2010, which comes in the first half of next year, which we think is a very significant addition to the client portfolio; and tremendous progress in both client and server virtualization -- all of these add up to what we see as a powerful new product cycle going into calendar 2010. And from our EqualLogic offering to our 11G racks and blades to our data-center solutions, we are well positioned to integrate and deliver the best value for enterprise customers. As we explained in July at our analyst meeting, the large majority of the current and future data center and server and storage opportunities are going to be based on simpler, more open solutions, the very kind that Dell can provide. With our position, our installed base, our tremendous access to customers of all sizes, and our growing capabilities, this is where we are focused, where we are winning, and where we expect to continue to win. Continued progress on our $4 billion cost-reduction program and progress on expanding our business across the globe and ongoing investments in enterprise products and solutions, taken together, we believe we can deliver solid operating income and cash flow growth over time. So now let me open it up for questions. Questions and Answers Well, look, the Dell EMC partnership is still an important part of our business and we continue to build and work that relationship. The EqualLogic platform is a big one for us. Certainly, we are attracted by having our own IP and the profit that that brings, but these products are somewhat different. When a customer is a fiber channel customer, we tend to focus them on the EMC platform. And obviously, EqualLogic is an iSCSI platform today. We are investing further to extend that into a -- broader areas. But I think you can expect to see Dell EMC continue for quite some time. And we're working with them on how do we create the kind of products that we need, that fit with our enterprise offering, because they've got a solid position. We've built a great alliance together. Next question, please? Well, if we grow part of direct then that's more channel business for sure. The mix of the partner direct business has been pretty favorable, so the operating margins of that business are relatively similar to the commercial direct business, because of the mix of servers and storage and advanced products. So we're actively growing that, signing up more partners, and I think you'll see that piece of the business continue to grow. I think it's across the board. Certainly we have a very large set of customers and it will be important for us to focus on some key opportunities and some key geographies in the initial phases of this. But certainly we see great opportunity to expand and grow here. We continue to do pretty well there. I think one thing I mentioned earlier, we chose not to sell a fair amount of product that would have been very dilutive to the Company's margin and profitability, and that, of course, shows up in an improvement in margins in everything that we did sell. Yes. We are totally lined up with Windows 8. You will see us introduce tablets [contemporous] with the Windows 8 launch. That -- that has not been as much of an issue for us. I think to some extent, we are -- you know, if you look at our attach rate of panels to desk top systems we believe it's among the highest in the industry, so to some extent created our own supply shortage because we're selling so many of these. You know our teams are actively working to increase the supply and we've done a lot of that. We've increased a lot of the supply. So -- and there's more coming but, yeah, we could have -- we could have used a few more. Thank you everyone for joining us today. While we had -- we gained share in the key markets worldwide, and achieved record market share of 19.3% this quarter, we're not satisfied with our performance, and we will do better. We're focused on dramatic improvements in customer service and support. We announced today that we are expanding our investments in this area, and we are seeing solid progress. Lastly, we're focused on improving our cost position and product leadership. Our announcements today are another step in that direction, and increase our belief that we will exit this year with the most technically advanced pipeline in our history. Kevin, Jim, and I are confident that we're making the right long-term decisions for our customers and our shareholders. And we look forward to seeing all of you and talking more about this at our upcoming September analyst meeting. Thank you. Yes, what we see is the blades are often associated with large transactions, which include deployment services, virtualization services, EqualLogic storage, Dell EMC storage, really integrated programs that are a lot stickier for us, and getting us much more into the kind of solutions that we're really targeting. I think one of the very intriguing things about Perot Systems is that it has built a fairly significant next-generation kind of services capability, which is in line with the remote infrastructure management vision that we have articulated. And we believe that the asset is sized enough such that as we evolve this we can really make it a very different kind of services company than some of the more traditional ones out there. So certainly there will be some of the more conventional type opportunities that we will participate in, either company has independently participated in. But our real intent is to build a new set of capabilities that are really based on more IP and more remote infrastructure management. If it's op income neutral and we can expand our footprint rapidly, then we're sort of indifferent on the commercial side. And so we're watching that very carefully to make sure that the P&L stays healthy. But we're seeing pretty good acceptance from these VAR partners and it's growing nicely for us. We are totally lined up with Windows 8. You will see us introduce tablets [contemporous] with the Windows 8 launch. Back to school looks pretty good. If it's op income neutral and we can expand our footprint rapidly, then we're sort of indifferent on the commercial side. And so we're watching that very carefully to make sure that the P&L stays healthy. But we're seeing pretty good acceptance from these VAR partners and it's growing nicely for us. I think you'll see certainly more small things than medium-sized things. But we are quite focused in the data center and the whole solutions area. And I think if you look at the history of recent transactions, it gives you a reasonably good roadmap for the kinds of things that -- to look for. If I'm going to go over a bump, I would want to know what it is before I go. Well, we think it continues to be a great market opportunity for us to grow. We are under penetrated in EMEA. We saw for the first time in a while some quarter-on-quarter strength with the overall region up 7%. Still down year over year. But we have had to take some tough actions in EMEA. That is part of our cost actions to reposition the business there. I think we are through the majority of that, and continuing to focus on our cost position there is something that is important for us. But a very important market and one we will continue to invest in. Yes, that's very peaceful. Yes. Yes, and as we mentioned earlier, we first look to our own execution. We see opportunities to improve there, but we tend to be closer to the action in terms of customer spending. I could tell you from my own interactions with larger customers we are seeing kind of delay and pause in spending activity, but the pipelines are healthy and we are very focused on bringing that business to closure. Actually, we have those too. Yes, I think that it could be a big thing. We have these containers -- Well, the consumer retail business doesn't have as much service attached to it for sure, but during the quarter we had continued progress of our new ProSupport offering. Attach rates were up 24% on a year-over-year basis which is pretty staggering for an offering like this. We're putting a lot of resources in to really solution selling. As I mentioned earlier, the focus on servers, storage, and services, things that start with S is a big focus for the 10s of thousands of sales people that we have out there talking to our customers, and software too. But we will absolutely stay biased toward profit. Well, I think given the choice between profits and growth we're going to go for the profits, and our belief is that, with the changes that we're making in our cost structure we're going to be able to both of those together. But first priority for us is to retain solid profitability of the Company, and that's what we demonstrated this quarter, and that's what we're focused on. Yes, I think the reason you see our operating income up 22% and our revenues down is we did not participate in some business, which was dilutive to the Company. Yes, it is a hard question to really parse the individual elements of that. I would just say the benefits and the positive momentum we have on gross margins is really the -- it's a function of multiple things, including a good component cost environment and good execution around costs and solid momentum in pricing. And if you think about that as the key elements that drive it, those are things that we are focused on. And if the environment continues to be good from a component cost standpoint, it should be a relatively good environment for us to sustain good momentum here. A significant bump, you mean --? There are still opportunities there. And we are keenly focused on kind of process redesign to take that cost out. At the same time, some of the new businesses we're going into will have different OpEx profiles. So, business with an 80% gross margin, well, we want to be spending more in R&D in that business to continue to build the next generation of offerings. Well I think we've been pretty clear that we think open wins and we think it's really important to make sure that choice is preserved for our customers. We have built a strategy around what we call open, capable and affordable. That means that we preserve customers' choice, we innovate at every layer of the stack and we drive for total cost of ownership as the key metric that our customers care about. Now when we talk about open, it's very clear that our customers can benefit from how each of those layers gets integrated together. And so we are offering solutions that have servers, have storage, have network capability bundled together and can be sold as a unit to a customer and that unit can be bought in increments of say 50 virtual machines or 100 virtual machines or whatever the case might be, scaled quite nicely with a customer's business. And so frankly with Dell, you can get it integrated and you can continue to preserve your choice at every layer and we think that option and that flexibility is one of the critical things we do better than any of the competition. Yeah, I think there's generally a continued movement towards -- towards mobile products, absolutely; and as more of the desk tops have gone to flat panel displays, you know, there's -- they're essentially price parity there. So, you know, it almost encourages customers to go with a mobile product and as 802.11 continues to proliferate, there's more incentive to go wireless. See, I think the broader point here is that we have an improving product line execution, and that's -- that, along with the change in our approach to our customers where we've changed the conversation to be more solutions-based, is really opening up a new set of opportunities for us, and I think that's what's contributing to the strong growth in earnings that you're seeing. Well, it's just one of the factors in the multi-dimensional equation. I wouldn't call it out as being particularly more significant than any other region. Yes, on the second part, definitely. In terms of OpEx, we are making strategic investments and adding resources on the commercial side of the business, on product development as we've taken out G&A and other OpEx costs in the business. So, realigning the cost structure and focusing it more on the new products and commercial capability in the field is clearly a big part of what we're doing. It's a pretty competitive market. We have seen great growth in SMB. Obviously we have a strong channel there. There's obviously some rebalancing as we position Compellent more to the higher end but the whole thing as you said, 33% growth year over year is strong. We're at 93% of our revenue now is our own IP, so we're pretty much through the transition and believe we can grow this business quite nicely. But it is a competitive environment. Obviously having a full portfolio of server, storage, networking, services and increasingly software is very helpful in many of the opportunities that we find. Yes, we will be looking to do that both organically and inorganically. Yeah, profit share is really what we're -- we're going after on notebooks. To the second part of your question, this really is about building a next-generation services capability. There has been a lot of pull from our customers around virtualized environments, private clouds, and this will add significant capability for us to go address those opportunities that customers have been, quite frankly, asking Dell to bring. So we are quite excited about the addition of these new capabilities and new team members. To the second part of your question, this really is about building a next-generation services capability. There has been a lot of pull from our customers around virtualized environments, private clouds, and this will add significant capability for us to go address those opportunities that customers have been, quite frankly, asking Dell to bring. So we are quite excited about the addition of these new capabilities and new team members. So thank you for joining us today. I want to leave you with a few thoughts. First of all, I am encouraged by the acceleration in our growth. Second, we continue to fill out our portfolio of products and services and you'll see much more from us over the balance of the year and, third, we continue to drive shareholder value by growing units that are premium to the industry, executing on a $3 billion cost opportunity, delivering sustained EPS growth, and executing on our five core initiatives and growing our retail and channel for scale and profit. Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again. And there's a lot of price umbrellas out there. Thanks, Brian. We're pleased with our results in the first half, especially in enterprise solutions and services. Our sustained strong growth in operating profits, earnings per share, and cash flow demonstrate that our strategy is working well. Customers are validating our approach and continue to turn to Dell for productivity solutions regardless of the economic back drop. And you will see us continue to identify opportunities in a disciplined way that will generate profitable growth. We're excited about our pending acquisition of Force10 Networks. But we know that value is created not by acquiring companies but rather by successfully integrating them, along with continued investments in research and development and sales capabilities. It's early, but we're building a strong track record of successful integrations. Both our organic and inorganic investments are being made with a mid market design focus. This emphasis is driving more innovative thinking across our entire Company and aligns with the largest engines of growth, innovation and thought leadership in our industry. When you think about iSCSI, industry standard servers, virtualization, social computing, and new collaboration tools, it all starts in the mid market. This expansion of our capabilities and solutions is opening up a broader base of the nearly $3 trillion IT market. These are exciting times for our team and our customers and we look forward to continuing to update you on our strategic progress. So with that let's now open it up for questions and answers. Richard, this is Michael. I'm going to take the first part of your question and Brian will take the second. Our share in the public sector is pretty considerable. As far as the share in healthcare it's not as significant and one of the attractive elements of this is that it does allow us to expand our reach into new customer segments. Likewise, I think this will bring the Perot Systems capabilities to a much wider set of customers. We continue to do pretty well there. I think one thing I mentioned earlier, we chose not to sell a fair amount of product that would have been very dilutive to the Company's margin and profitability, and that, of course, shows up in an improvement in margins in everything that we did sell. Yes, I will just put it into a little context. The gross margin dollars in storage are up on a year-over-year basis almost as much as the EqualLogic revenues are up. I think again you have seen it, some people want to make a little money there which we think is a healthy thing for the industry. Whenever that happens we can either use that to accelerate our volume or to harvest a little margin. We rarely do the latter. And so what you are seeing now is, again a good continuation of server buildout and the substitution for kind of UNIX risk base systems with now Intel and Microsoft or Lenox based systems. So we would anticipate that buildout and our consolidation and shiftover will continue. But our competitive advantage in that market is as good or better than kind of anywhere we have from a cost standpoint. Well, there's a lot of stocks out there. Toni, you've got a buy recommendation on our stock. Why don't you (multiple speakers) Well, competitors did get better. And I think we squandered some of our advantage with inefficiencies inside our own business. And we're deep in the process of restoring the efficiency inside the business and taking cost out. And that takes some time to do. Sure. Well, a simple way to think about this is that Dell sells about 40 million computers a year, okay. And most of those are to businesses, institutions, governments, organizations that are really invested in IT in a fairly major way. And to the extent that we can change the nature of the relationship with those customers from product to service -- and that can happen in fairly basic ways just by like adding a service that you sell as you sell the product or fundamentally changing the relationship to -- I'll give you an example. So, you take a large, diversified industrial company and we start by selling them desktops and notebooks, as we typically would. And then, we say, hey, you get these computers, you load images on them. Why don't you let us load the images in the factory? Great. You can do that? Checkmark. Done. Okay. You've got all these people developing the images. You're in 50 countries. You've got all these different divisions. Each one is developing its own image. It really takes a lot of time. Why don't you let us develop the image for you? Okay. Oh, you can do that? Okay, great. You develop the image. All right. You're doing the installation yourself. You're uninstalling the old machines. You're managing the assets. You have the help desk. You have the software license management. Why don't you let us do all that for you? I'm 45 years old, completely committed to continuing to run the business for a long period of time. We certainly -- our Board, in good governance, kind of understands what the succession of the Company is and would be. But, I have every intention to continue running the Company for the foreseeable future. Alright. Thank you, Don. I would like to offer a few thoughts on our situation. I'm encouraged that we grew slightly faster than the industry during the fourth quarter, and it is very clear that we still have significant work to do on our cost structure. And at the same time, we are making some significant progress on our top five priorities that we believe will create great value for our customers and our shareholders. The first is global consumer where we started to deliver cutting-edge products, and we're delivering them faster and through more channels than ever before. With just 8% share of the global consumer opportunity, we have tremendous opportunity here. We're now in over 10,000 retail stores worldwide, and this business is on a $1 billion revenue run-rate with 1 million units sold worldwide. In the last six months, we launched new Inspiron notebooks, the XPS systems, including the XPS One all-in-one desktop, the XPS M1330 and M1530, the XPS 720 H2C gaming system with the Intel Core 2 Extreme Quad Core Processor. These are best-in-class products that have swept 65% of the product awards available to them in the fourth quarter and about 300 awards for the entire year. But we will not grow at all costs. As Don has mentioned, we are re-engineering our entire cost structure to be the best in the industry. Improvements in profitability will take some time as we build out a new portfolio of products. But based on the actions we're taking, I don't see an impediment to Dell having similar levels of profitability to our competitors in this space. The second opportunity for us is the enterprise, and this is where we are using our platform of simplifying IT for our customers, and it supports our approach to being a leader in storage, virtualization and power and cooling, complementing our traditional leadership in servers and systems. In January we launched our 10th generation blade server architecture. The PowerEdge M-Series is the most energy-efficient blade server solution on the market built from the ground up using Energy Smart technologies. With our data center solution offerings, (inaudible) offerings were an innovator in hyper-scale data centers. And our PowerEdge servers are number one in server performance for database and virtualization, overall price performance and energy efficiency. We now have a full range of industry-leading servers covering 16 platforms. In virtualization we are a leading partner with VMWare, and we recently begun a broadening of our strategic partnership that will begin the process of putting VMWare hypervisors across all virtualization-certified Dell-powered servers starting in early April. We also announced a partnership with Citrix to deliver Zen source embedded hypervisor technology across our PowerEdge server line this year, giving customers choice and increased management and interoperability in data center environments. We also completed the acquisition of EqualLogic, the leader in iSCSI SANs. The iSCSI SAN's base is expected to grow 138% annually over the next five years. Right after closing this acquisition, we introduced the PS5000 series, the next generation of SAN storage array, which is a great example of Dell offering a simple, affordable and scalable solution with high-performance. Customers that have one or more EqualLogic storage array can benefit from virtualization technology that balances capacity, processing power and network connectivity. All of this is part of the virtualization technology that EqualLogic's software brings to the table. We also introduced ProSupport Service Solutions, which breaks the one size fits all fragmented support model that is prevalent in our industry. ProSupport spans across all hardware and will enable commercial customers, including small and medium businesses to obtain world-class service from Dell or our registered solution providers without paying for more than they need. This is really going to change the way corporate IT service works. The third priority is notebooks where we are reasserting our leadership creating the best products for consumers and businesses. Our goal is simple -- to reclaim our heritage as the fastest, most innovative notebook provider in the world. And this is really important now in an environment where notebook growth will outpace desktop six to one. To help us achieve this, we have separated our consumer and commercial design groups this year by focusing our consumer team on innovation and shorter design cycles. Since then, we have launched four notebook families for consumer in just six months. Our new Inspiron 1525 is the first product we've brought to market using this shorter design cycle, and there's a lot more innovation to come. This year we expect to launch almost 50% more new notebook platforms than last year. The fourth is small to medium business where our solutions are led by storage and blade products. We've begun two initiatives here that will transform our relationship with this $100 billion plus global segment. In the fourth quarter, we launched our Partner Direct channel program in the United States. Currently Dell has more than 30,000 global partners around the world, and this year we generated $10 billion in revenue. With the expansion last month of Partner Direct in EMEA, we're increasing the impact these partners will have on Dell's growth. We are also building out our IT as a service plan with a strategy focused on providing SMB customers and partners an entirely new model for service. This will be a configurable suite of mission-critical capabilities that rely on remote monitoring, simplification and lifecycle management. It is a disruptive model for IT services, and I encourage you to watch this space. And fifth, we're bringing our products and services to a huge rapidly growing emerging market around the world. We expanded our direct model into the BRIC countries, and as Don mentioned, our revenues in those countries were up 36% on a 50% increase in units. These countries represent 8% of our total revenues and are on a $5.1 billion run-rate. This is only the beginning. Emerging countries are a $64 billion opportunity for Dell. Over the long-term, these are the initiatives that will drive growth in revenue, earnings and cash. I have confidence in it because I believe that customer-driven innovation in hardware, software and services is our competitive advantage. We will achieve productive change by concentrating on the fundamentals. Our competitiveness. In other words, cost and productivity. Our five growth priorities, especially global consumer, storage and emerging countries and customer-driven innovation, which you have started to see in Q4, and you will see much more of over the course of this year. We're focused and determined on driving superior growth, improving profitability and excellent cash returns for our shareholders. Now let me turn it back over to Lynn. Well, our goal is certainly not to mismatch them. And I think I kind of pointed earlier that we didn't match them as well as we would have liked to in Europe. For us, 8G is the new product line. We've got them in racks, we've got them in blades, we've got them in towers -- you can take them any way you like. Also, the Cloud Solutions business that we told you about in the past has started to win some very substantial orders from some of the large mega scale, hyper scale, data center, search providers, those kind of things. We're doing it in conjunction with others, as we normally do these things, but don't have anything more to disclose to you at this time. I think we're well positioned. We have the number 1 position in North America. We were first to market, have been first to market with the X86 transition here in the first part of the year. Product line is lining up incredibly well versus others. As we do a better job of selling a converged solution, selling storage and networking along with the servers, our blades are getting stronger. We are -- this is the best server line we ever had. And we feel very good about what we have planned for follow-on generations. So also workloads are moving to X86 so we're seeing continued shift in our services business. We've got a very nice pipeline of application migration business that's developing around some of the capabilities we've built in Dell Services and other acquisitions like Make and Clerity that have added to that. So a combination of new workloads, new capabilities, strong product lines, I think we're well positioned to grow there. --Sure. Thank you--. You know, we have got a lot of number two's here. I mean if you look at the business, essentially we have a global consumer business, and we have a commercial business, commercial business consists of three large regions -- a product group, services business, and then we have Mike Cannon running all the operations of the Company in terms of manufacturing and procurement. And -- I think the example that Don mentioned earlier, the Inspiron 1525, which is a very popular product at retail today, which comes in at about a $70 lower-cost point. Those are exactly the types of things we need to do to get this business on the right footing in terms of growth and profitability. I think some of the combinations we're seeing are reminiscent of previous cycles. We don't really have a whole lot to say about that. We'll leave it to you to come up with the commentary. In terms of our relative advantage, I think some have speculated on our advantage. We feel pretty good about our cost position on our various product lines. Our profitability is well balanced across our different product lines. And our growth is quite healthy across various product lines. And I think it's hard to fully understand the nature of our business model when comparing to others because we're often able to sell a more full compliment of services and use our ability to customize products in ways that may not be comparable or calculable to other companies. All right, thank you, Lynn. That concludes our official business for today, so I now declare the meeting to be adjourned. Now we'd like to take this opportunity to take some questions from our stockholders. So for those of you who were in the room and have a question, there are microphones located on the center aisles. And for those of you on the webcast, you can submit your question via e-mail. So I'm going to come down and join Brian and Lynn for the Q&A. Who's got the first question? Questions and Answers Well, I would say during the course of the headcount reductions we've done over the last six quarters, we've been adding resources in terms of that customer-facing capability in emerging countries and in new product lines, supporting our enterprise growth, supporting the services business. So we've been making that trade-off and reducing the customer-facing -- improving our customer-facing mix during that period of time. We'll continue to look at the scaling and our mix of resources going forward. There will be a continued focus of adding front line, growth-oriented resources while we continue to look at our G&A structure. You know, that is a good question. We're right in the middle of that right now, and I will tell you there's a lot of cost to take out. Probably a good thing for us to tee up for the analyst meeting in April to give you a sense for some of the changes we're making there. Our share in the public sector is pretty considerable. As far as the share in healthcare it's not as significant and one of the attractive elements of this is that it does allow us to expand our reach into new customer segments. Likewise, I think this will bring the Perot Systems capabilities to a much wider set of customers. I thought we were already in the rapid-fire mode (inaudible). Yes, on the second part, definitely. In terms of OpEx, we are making strategic investments and adding resources on the commercial side of the business, on product development as we've taken out G&A and other OpEx costs in the business. So, realigning the cost structure and focusing it more on the new products and commercial capability in the field is clearly a big part of what we're doing. Thank you. Well, you know, within the R and D line, there's been a continual shift toward enterprise products, and certainly that is expected, given the increasing intensity of our efforts in those products, but we're also finding ways to do those more efficiently and as we scale our revenues, you know, the absolute dollars are fairly significant, you know, on the order of, you know, half a billion dollars, whereas the percentages may not be - you know, we're not going to have the highest R and D percent. But the dollars allow us to get the work done. Yes, it's in the teens in consumer, so then you kind of say, well, what is that overall? The teens are 25% of your units. We can fix it right away. Thank you, Rob. I am excited to be with you here today to share our plans for Dell and Perot Systems. The result will be the combination of two iconic IT brands who share a common vision of reducing IT complexity and total cost of ownership for our customers around the globe. By organizing as a single company we will significantly expand our already important enterprise solutions capability and enhance our position in some of the fastest-growing customer segments. We will also leverage Perot Systems' enterprise services capabilities across a much larger Dell customer base that spans multinationals and large corporations, government, healthcare, educational institutions, and small and medium businesses. For me and our board this acquisition makes great sense because of the obvious ways our businesses complement each other and enable us to grow profitably over time. We have already established a productive working relationship. Jointly we have developed IT-centric solutions and innovative services for our shared customers, particularly in the healthcare and federal government. We also have financing -- a financing alliance that assists Perot Systems in providing financing alternatives to its clients. Throughout our working relationship and in recent discussions we have been thoroughly impressed with their leadership, associates, tools, processes, and client relationships. As you can see, we have been collaborating on the development of next-generation services and the best way to further capitalize on this opportunity was to move the relationship to the next level. It's a logical extension that we believe will provide optimal value to customers and shareholders. Let me turn it over to Brian to give you a little more detail. We are making some changes there. For example, in the commercial business for large accounts, we are making changes to ensure that the incentives are on the right products and that those are accretive to the Company in how they are designed. As Don said, it is not any one thing. It is a whole series of things. And we are absolutely committed to driving down the OpEx of the Company and believe that our OpEx percent will be lower as we exit this year. Yes. Well, I think it implies that we would do less than we have in the past but I think we'll still use that as part of the portfolio of things that we offer to -- offer value to customers. It has been a successful -- a successful promotion in the consumer business and there might have been times when we over used it but I think we'll still have it in some moderation. Well, I don't think there's been the volatility in Europe of spending -- you know, pulling back and going hard on spending. The European spending has been more kind of level loaded. And they haven't so much gyrated with the -- you know there hasn't been as much economic fluctuation there either. So that's pretty much the trend among corporate spending. It hasn't been as volatile as the U.S.. Yes, I think a little slowing here and there. It still feels pretty good on the technology side. We are selling productivity; people are still buying it. Alright. Well, again, thanks to everyone for joining us. I think you have heard us talk about the beginnings of some sequential improvement in our commercial business and a clear focus on continuing to build out our Enterprise Solutions portfolio. So we look forward to talking to you later this evening and over the course of the next quarter. Thanks. I'm taking it a bit more pragmatically in terms of there are things that I can do something about and things I can't do something about. So, if somebody wants to delay a Windows 7 refresh because they now have a tablet, I'm not sure I can really do anything about that today. Maybe I can worry about that; I'm not sure that really helps. So I sort of analyze the problem and say what can I actually do about it? I go to ARM, get a processor that doesn't use as much power. I can make a tablet. I can make a better Notebook that competes better with the tablet. I can go to Microsoft and say, hey, why don't you make ARM; Google, why don't you do this, do that? Those are the things we are doing. So -- Well, our goal is certainly not to mismatch them. And I think I kind of pointed earlier that we didn't match them as well as we would have liked to in Europe. I would say we are seeing some nice opportunities across both of the businesses as we bring them together. The integration has gone well and we are able to provide customers now with a much broader suite of offerings. That is yielding new opportunities that neither organization were able to go access. We still have a big, organic buildout in front of us around the world in services. So we have roughly 1% share in IT services, so there is a lot of white space for us to go cover there. But very pleased with the integration at year-end, particularly in the verticals where Perot had strength. We are seeing tremendous success, for example, in healthcare, and we can grow this a lot more. Yes, we are the world leader in the notebook market. In the business market we have about the same share as the number two, number three companies combined in this market. And our competitor is ahead in the consumer space. The business market we think has much better long-term profitability characteristics. But the supply chain that we have for notebooks with our operations in Malaysia, we believe delivers solid profitability. Granted, there has been some erosion as competitors have improved their models a bit, but we're still maintaining healthy profits in that business. And got a number of strategies that we're investigating to look for breakthroughs to take that even further. It's early to say because I don't think Google -- they obviously haven't finished the transaction and they haven't said a whole lot about it. But I think certainly patents play a big role here. And having Android with a stronger ability to exhaust patent claims against it probably sets up an interesting competitive dynamic. We're still quite interested in Android. I'll also tell you that our early work on Windows 8 on the tablet side looks to be pretty encouraging. And so we think it's shaping up to be a competitive environment. I don't think beyond those 2 that there are viable alternatives that make sense. So there's a lot of other noise in the market that I don't think will amount to much of anything. Well, I'd say the word that comes to mind is attack. I mean we're on the attack in the BRIC countries and we're going to grow there. We see a lot of opportunities to grow in all of those countries and I'm pretty happy with our progress in the core BRIC. When we get to kind of the next ten or next 15, that's an area of increasing attention for us. We've done better in China and India and Brazil that than some of the others. But we still see big opportunity there and would view ourselves as a consolidator in those new markets. I think the data center virtualization is going to continue to be a high priority. What I would tell you is that when you look at the age of the installed base, we know that after a certain period of time, the cost just becomes pretty onerous and the percentage of these machines out there that are based on Windows XP, which, again, is an 8-year-old operating system in another month or two -- also what many of you may not have done, and I would encourage you to do, is go to Dell.com, buy a modern PC, put Windows 7 on it, put Office 2010 on it. You will love your PC again. And as more and more people do that, I am here to tell you there's going to be a refresh cycle next year. It's not all going to come in the first month or the second month, but over the course of the year, there will be a big refresh cycle. Brian Alexander Can you be a little bit more specific, Michael, in terms of what percentage of the installed base do you think will get turned over next year versus kind of your normal expectation for replacement cycle? Yes, online advertising has been very successful for us. We are a big believer in online advertising, both affiliate programs, banner ads, as well as using these search tools, as you mentioned. So I think you will see us continue to focus and expand our efforts to be present online through a variety of vehicles. We're kind of breaking down the walls. So, we come in peace also and -- Well, let's ask them. Okay, you have a tablet. How many of you have a tablet and got rid of your PC? So we've got one, two, three, four, five, six? No, I wouldn't say that. No. Most -- (inaudible) no, you didn't get rid of your PC. Okay. When you got your tablet, did you get rid of your PC? Okay. I think we're going to close the call here. I want to just make a few points here. I think as you can see from our results that our model is structurally advantaged and it's enabling us to consistently deliver exceptional financial and operating performance in all environments. We're focused on growth opportunities in enterprise products, services, and in global markets to drive growth and profitability in the near term; and ensure the company's long-term growth and success. The Dell model is winning, our growth strategy is progressing as planned, and the tech landscape sends to shift in our favor. We're very well positioned for the future. Thanks again. We look forward to talking to you again soon. I think it will be a combination of mix and scale and increased services and more solutions focus. So you want me to tell you what we're going to buy next? Well, if you're talking relative to the industry, I mean, our commercial units were up 20%, which all the data from IBC would suggest that that's faster than the industry growth in commercial. The biggest difference relative to the industry is that we have a really, really small consumer business. Consumer is growing quite fast in Europe and we're not participating in it. We chose to prioritize Asia and the United States. Yes, I think the product cycle will certainly be healthy for growth and there are always value shifts that go on among the various ingredients. Overall, the Enterprise business is doing quite well. We're seeing a lot of growth in storage. We had in the quarter 60% sequential growth in Compellent. Overall, our Dell IP storage was up 33% year over year and 19% sequentially. And market continues to move away from eight ways to four ways and from four ways to two ways. Well, we think it continues to be a great market opportunity for us to grow. We are under penetrated in EMEA. We saw for the first time in a while some quarter-on-quarter strength with the overall region up 7%. Still down year over year. But we have had to take some tough actions in EMEA. That is part of our cost actions to reposition the business there. I think we are through the majority of that, and continuing to focus on our cost position there is something that is important for us. But a very important market and one we will continue to invest in. That's a great question. I don't really know. I think that -- would we like to gain share? Sure we'd like to gain share but we're more focused on having solid profitability. I don't think we really know what the growth of the industry's going to be next year. We're planning a pretty conservative set of assumptions on the belief that it's easier to dial it up than to dial it down. You know, I would just go back to the long-term framework that we have given you around operating margins of 7% plus. When we look at all the things we are doing around COGS and operating expenses and shifting of portfolio here, we think that is a good long-term framework to think about, but it will occur with a portfolio of businesses. Yes, we just launched XPS 14z. Yeah, in terms of the corporate refresh I don't want to overstate this but we have -- certainly there are a number of corporations that have installed bases of machines that are four years old and plus, and they are, you know, kind of coming to the point where they need to replace them. We're seeing these -- these wins start to occur. But it's not really tied to a particular vertical. $450 million. We're seeing some very encouraging things. We have had a great reception from channel partners and retailers. If you take, for example, our business in China, we believe China is going to become the largest retail market in the world for PCs. We, at the end of the first quarter, had about 1800 stores stores selling Dell products in China and the growth rate in units for the consumer business in China was about 140%. We expect we'll have about 3,500 stores by the end of the second quarter selling our products in China, so we are on an absolute rapid expansion in what we think is going to be the fastest-growing country in the world, and the kind of acceptance of our brand inside those partners is very strong. Well, the small ones operate more like the consumer. The medium ones operate more like enterprise. If you put it together, SMB is at about 50% of Windows 7 today. And we think they tend to go first. I should say that the momentum we are seeing in the enterprise customers around client has nothing to do with Windows 7 at this point. We are seeing a pipeline of Windows 7 that is starting to build for enterprise customers really next year. Okay. So just to close here, let's just review where we are. So far this year earnings per share for the Company are up 6%, and Dell has a great balance sheet. We have strong customer relationships. We have a strong brand. We expanding the mix of products and services that we have focused on the enterprise. The execution of Dell is improving. This is going to allow us to continue to deliver solid profitability. Customers are really focused on value right now. That's really plays to Dell's core strength, and I think we have some opportunities to seize on here that our competitors can't. We're clearly choosing profit over growth, but we also believe the changes we're making to our cost structure will allow us to achieve both over time. So thanks very much, and we look forward to talking with you again soon. You know, I think we will continue to look at that. I think clearly we have been through a cycle where we wanted to protect the liquidity and make sure we had adequate cash for survival and then obviously some strategic activities. We continue to look at that. As we have opportunities in the marketplace for acquisitions, that clearly might be part of the strategy, and we will continue to revisit opportunities with the share repurchase as well. There is a significant amount of activity among community hospitals, for example, in the United States that are implementing hospital information systems, and we have leading share in that sector and we think there's going to be very robust environment for that kind of IT activity. In terms of net books, I'll have to check with that -- we'll have to check on that for you, David. The penetration in the commercial accounts, which is the majority of our business, is really not even -- it's almost nonexistent. (Multiple speakers) Yes. This is Michael. We are seeing, I think, very good initial demand for our twelfth generation PowerEdge, and we were first to market with those products and feel the product line is incredibly strong. We exited the quarter with the twelfth generation being a little over 25% of the server business, so it is off to a strong start. We certainly believe it is. Alright. We want to thank you for joining us today and for your time. You are our owners and our partners, and we appreciate your commitment. We are making some nice progress in improving our current business, driving for growth and investing in the key initiatives that we believe will drive sustained performance. Our goal is simple -- we want to grow faster than the industry, drive cash flow, and create value over the long-term. And I believe our five big priorities of consumer, emerging markets, notebooks, SMB, and enterprise are the right choices for us to get there. There is more work to be done, and our results will not be completely linear. But that is the case when you are making long-term decisions and positioning a company like Dell for future growth. Finally, I believe that our vision of IT simplification can unleash the power of innovation in customer environments large and small. We have a strong team and a great to set of assets from which to build and more than ample opportunities to grow our business over time. So we look forward to talking with you again soon. Thank you. Well, that would not really equate to what we know of their profitability. So I think you'd be missing something there because those products are quite nicely profitable for us. They're certainly more profitable than desktops. So you'd be missing something in the P&L there somewhere. Thank you, Robin, for your comments. As you know, we continually engage in dialogue with yourself and others around the world and are very in tune with these issues. And I would encourage those of you who haven't read our corporate responsibility report to take a look at the things that we're doing. In terms of our suppliers, I think one of the most important things that Dell has done here is to lead in the creation of essentially a standard way for suppliers in our industry to get on board and conform with the environmental and social responsibility requirements that we see, the Electronics Industry Coalition that Dell has been a key driver in. I can tell you that given the nature of our material supply, while we haven't given you the list, it's substantially the same as the list of our competitors. So you wouldn't see any big surprises there, but I take the point. In terms of recycling, Dell has been absolutely a leader in recycling. We're the only one still to offer free recycling and we've recovered hundreds of millions of pounds of equipment and we continue to also host, in conjunction with community organizations, efforts to not only raise visibility but to take back this product. In terms of the legislation, one of the things that we are very interested in is legislation that doesn't create an additional cost that we have to then extend to the consumer. So having one legislation as opposed to each city, state, each municipality coming up with its own approach would certainly be valuable. Thank you. Clearly for us, we're in the Android and Windows camp. I think Windows really starts to become relevant in the Windows 8 timeframe. You know, there's a lot of activity around our microprocessors, obviously, in tablets to get the thin and low-power lightweight characteristics. So, those are really the attributes. When you go into the enterprise, customers are looking at security. They're looking at applications. They're looking at kind of a robust set of offerings. Those are still being formed, and we're very much active with a number of partners to kind of create those and form them, and as that all comes together, I think you'll see us be very present in that market. So, it's Android Honeycomb on the tablet side, and I think we're still seeing earlier-release versions. That needs to get a bit more mature. I mean, either it drops to the bottom line or it goes into investment that we believe drops to the bottom line later in the form of more dollars. Well, let's remember that the -- part of the market that has gotten a lot of attention recently is actually not a large part of the overall opportunity. And in the really large data centers, they tend to look very, very different from these full stacked solutions. There -- know we have a lot of experience there, having sold to very high percentage of the really mega-scale data centers. You don't see the -- what I'll call proprietary networking approaches inside those data centers. You see very, very simplified networks and multi-tenant applications, using large volumes of our servers and storage. And if I had to guess what the data center of the future looks like in five years, I actually think it's more like that. So I think some of these vendors are hanging on to kind of the way of the past. And when we talk to customers, sure, there's an interest in having a fully integrated solution and they see some advantages and accountability there, but it's also an incredibly expensive approach. And it's sort of a throw back to what IT was 25 years ago. It's a lock-in and we don't see kind of huge traction there. So we can't underestimate the significance of these moves by other companies. But there are all sorts of counter-balancing effects that are likely to occur as new alliances get formed and customers look to where they're actually getting the best value. Yes. A customer can also just go to Dell.com or call us on the phone and order SE1 all by itself. On Vista, typically what happens with these new operating systems is that there is a mechanism in place before they are released to bridge customers from the old to the new, before it comes out. I actually believe that the Vista transition is going to be a pretty powerful catalyst, because it's a much bigger difference in terms of the user experience as compared with the last two or three of these operating system transitions. I'll even go so far as to say that once this gets out into the hands of consumers, six or nine months, I think you'll see a number of consumers kind of coming back to the office and saying, how come my computer is no good? So we think there will be a consumer-led drive to upgrade the desktop in the corporate some time after Vista really starts to take hold in the consumer market. So with dual-core and a number of other features that are coming on the hardware side that can be really exploited on Vista, we think it's going to be a pretty exciting transition cycle. Yes, I think it is a very good question, and I think there is, as I called out in my comments and in the answer to the first question, I think there is some -- we are watching the consumer demand. And, as you look at our historical fourth-quarter performance, it would typically be driven by a pretty dramatic increase in the consumer business around the holidays. I think that is the biggest question we have right now as we look at the second half of the year how that might play out. So I would hesitate to call that. I would suggest that if we saw typical seasonality, we would see a sequential pickup driven by consumer, and your conclusion is probably right. But again I little bit of hesitancy just given what we have just recently seen with consumer demand. So we will continue to watch that. Well, just stepping back, remember the last two years, you know, we have grown our volumes 40% in the period when the industry had basically zero growth. I think going into next year, we are seeing a number of the larger corporations that have delayed their upgrades and refreshes. They are getting a lot more interested and we are starting to see some of the refreshes occur. And given that they're setting their budgets now for next year, I guess we're feeling relatively encouraged about the corporate market, possibly being a bit better, obviously that's good for us, given our share of position there. But, again, it's really too early to say about the first quarter. But I think you know, these are -- the fears that you are suggesting there it's certainly something that we think about. We continue to do pretty well there. I think one thing I mentioned earlier, we chose not to sell a fair amount of product that would have been very dilutive to the Company's margin and profitability, and that, of course, shows up in an improvement in margins in everything that we did sell. I think we're going to continue to put up a nice stream of earnings and profit. I think there are still a fair number of skeptics on our story that came through in some of your questions. I think the results are -- I think it's fair to say it's starting to tell a very different story. If one believes that the changes we are making are real, the results are real, then clearly that business is undervalued. I think we're going to continue to focus on putting up a strong, steady stream of earnings and cash flow and taking the right steps to increase shareholder value. And notebooks were good in the UK, too, they go 40%. All right, thank you, Lynn. I hope everyone had a chance to look at some of our new innovative products as you came into the convention center this morning. And for those of you who are joining us online, please take a moment to go to Dell.com/studio to see some of the new products that we've created. I'd like to start this morning by describing a global shift that's occurring and it's really supporting our growth and that's the move to the connected era. As the next billion people come on line they're going to want tailored technologies that allow them to connect, share and access information anytime, anywhere. These digital nomads are going to consume more bandwidth and more storage than ever before. So we're expanding our products and services and innovating to allow Dell to win in this connected era. We laid out several long-term goals at our April analyst meeting earlier this year and we've made significant progress against those goals. For the first quarter our unit volumes were up 22%, or about 1.6 times the industry rate excluding Dell, and preliminary industry data released just on Wednesday shows that for the second quarter we continue to grow faster than the industry with unit growth of 21% in the second calendar quarter. Now we're also executing on our $3 billion cost opportunity, restoring competitiveness and increasing productivity inside the Company. And you'll see these moves begin to flow through in the form of stronger cash flow from our operations, solid profitability and improved earnings per share. In order to align our internal teams with our external goals, beginning in fiscal 2010 we intend to include a metric tied to cash flow generation per share as a significant component of our executive compensation plan. We're moving forward on the key priorities that we've outlined, expanding direct as well as retail and our channel program, PartnerDirect. Now you might recall the last time we met I highlighted five key growth priorities that are enabling us to grow profitably. We're making solid progress against these priorities and they'll remain our focus in the coming year. So I'd like to give you an update on each of these beginning with our consumer business which is a really strong proof point of our restored competitiveness. In the first quarter our consumer revenue was up 20% with a 47% increase in units, we grew twice the rate of the industry. Analyst firm, Frost and Sullivan, also announced the results of a survey this week that awarded Dell the best overall brand of desktops and notebook computers as voted by US consumers. Our consumer business is moving fast and we're focused on where we can execute and grow quickly. We are seeing a great deal of that growth come through our new retail partnerships and online at Dell.com. The opportunity for us is a very significant one if our consumer share, which is currently about 9% worldwide, were to reach the same level as our commercial share, or about 26% worldwide, we would have an $18 billion opportunity. So clearly there is lots of room to grow when it comes to the consumer business. Again, I encourage you to take a look at the products, the new consumer products, that are on display and you'll get a sense as to why we're winning awards and this business is coming back -- already ran 135 awards so far this year. Now notebooks is another area that's providing a great deal of growth and it's expected that notebooks will outgrow desktops this year. We saw this trend and expanded our product portfolio this year with 50% more product platforms. In the first quarter our notebook revenues were up 22% and units were up 43% worldwide and we remain the top provider of notebooks to businesses worldwide. And our goal here is to continue to rapidly grow by developing innovative products that enable us to grow share and reach new customers including those that are small and medium-sized businesses. In fact, we've made tremendous progress in delivering products and services tailored to the small- and medium-sized business opportunity. Those include our new Vostro notebooks and desktops, our PowerVault storage and our customized ProSupport service offerings. And in just eight months after its launch our PartnerDirect program has launched in every region of the world and is now on a $12 billion annual run rate. I'd like to share a recent customer story that really demonstrates some of the incredible things that small businesses are doing with Dell technology. We are all monitoring this together. Yes, I think the reason you see our operating income up 22% and our revenues down is we did not participate in some business, which was dilutive to the Company. Yes, we are the world leader in the notebook market. In the business market we have about the same share as the number two, number three companies combined in this market. And our competitor is ahead in the consumer space. The business market we think has much better long-term profitability characteristics. But the supply chain that we have for notebooks with our operations in Malaysia, we believe delivers solid profitability. Granted, there has been some erosion as competitors have improved their models a bit, but we're still maintaining healthy profits in that business. And got a number of strategies that we're investigating to look for breakthroughs to take that even further. We've already introduced our first CULV. In fact, we were first to market with the Inspiron 11z. Go check it out. It is no longer a stand-alone business. I think that is a fair way to say it. Thanks, Mark. Good to see you. A couple things. We did have almost 37% share of the U.S. server opportunity which was a peak highest ever share for us and I think Dell was one of the first companies to embrace virtualization on the server front a couple of years ago, and it is also fair to say that the combination of virtualization on the server plus the storage and the addition of the EqualLogic offerings I think put a lot of focus with our sales organizations on driving enterprise success. A lot of training, a lot of additional solution resources, and then finally the last thing is I think we've had great success in clout computing both with the business software and service providers and a lot of the big internet companies that Dell I think has won a disproportionate percentage of the large web-driven opportunities and continue to be focused on that. So we were the only server company in the quarter to gain both revenue and unit share. It's really operating margin dollars and cash flow are the fundamental kind of, I would say, annual objectives that they're focused on. And so, again, in the first quarter, our operating margin dollars grew 29% year-over-year. And it's our objective and our belief that we can continue to grow them at a healthy rate this year. I think it's a fairly unique time because the age of the installed base is as great as it's ever been, and there wasn't really a catalyst or series of catalysts to upgrade, and now we believe there is. And we are seeing significant projects and conviction among customers. What I'd also tell you is that there is a real shift toward more of a data center-based client model. In the various forms, whether it's client virtualization. So, there is a shift in where that spend is going to more server storage with our PowerEdge, EqualLogic platforms. So far, the dynamic that Brian described, I think you're going to see that play out here a bit where we have decreased operating income from growth in the client business, but that obviously pressures gross margins somewhat. So that's -- operating income growth is kind of what we're focused on here. I do think you'll see the server and storage businesses continue to grow faster. Services as well. Yes, we are seeing a strong pipeline in storage and feel very, very good about the product line that we have there. Thank you. Probably what's your timeframe. But, I'd say --. I agree. I think -- one of the most immediate opportunities we see with all of the users coming online is the tremendous buildout of the data centers to feed all that data. So, we're very focused on our data center custom solutions business and providing the infrastructure to all of the content providers and telcos that are feeding up all that data. A lot of data would suggest that we are supplying about 19 of the 25 largest websites in the world, and really continue to have a significant presence in that tier. You're also starting to see us a bit in the device side. We are very much working with Android and Windows Mobile 7, and we see those platforms as more attractive alternatives to other suggestions that you may have offered. Are you talking about unit growth? Well, Bob, I can address the second part pretty easily. We don't forecast segment profitability in future quarters, but if you look at the historical profitability of our consumer business, it has been quite healthy across all quarters -- first, second, third, fourth, and growing quite nicely. As far as the details, I think you can expect to see on a weekly basis or every other week a number of these things roll out between now and end of the holidays, but certainly in the peak buying season, these products will be available. One of the other things we're finding is that many of these software acquisitions actually pull a lot of infrastructure. So for example you think about we some time ago acquired a company called Aperture, which was already growing very fast in the back half recovery replication high-availability space. And it turns out that a lot of customers are deploying unique server and storage environments for Aperture. And so you're going to see us leverage our infrastructure strength with our emerging software capabilities as we complete the Quest acquisition to drive even further growth there. Well, virtual desktop is an option for many customers. We are working hard to make that a more viable option. We have a full next-generation client architecture solution set to go drive that. I would say the virtual client is still in a very nascent stage of adoption and not seeing widespread adoption yet of that. But we would be happy to and we have good solutions for it. As far as the tablet goes, we think there is obviously a lot of interest and excitement around tablets. We are working on a number of new tablet products that we will be coming out with next year to kind of cover all of the opportunities we see in both the commercial and consumer segments for tablets. Thank you for your question. First, I'd like to point out that the catalogs that we send do use recycled paper. So in fact Dell was a leader in transitioning to recycle paper. In fact, after we did that we sent a letter to other catalogers encouraging them to do the same and we created a shortage of recycled paper in the United States. So that was kind of an interesting side story. But in terms of your question on service, I can understand why you would be upset. If I had experienced that I would be upset too. And I can assure you we absolutely did not make money on your experience. I can also assure you that that is not representative of the bulk of the experiences that our customers encounter. In fact, as you heard earlier today, our notebook business grew 47% in units on a year-over-year basis and our consumer business is growing quite fast. We do measure quite intently through all sorts of mechanisms, including many of the ones that you suggested, the satisfaction level. It's also measured quite intently by outside firms such as the Frost and Sullivan award which came out just earlier this week showing that Dell's the most highly regarded brand in the United States and that the vast majority of our customers are either extremely satisfied or satisfied. So we'd love to meet with you afterwards and understand the experience that you had and learn from that more directly. But I can assure you, we didn't make any money on that and that's not our intent and we appreciate the feedback. Thanks. Thank you for your question. If you look at the grants of options that regularly occur in the Company, they occur on the days that we have meetings of our leadership development and compensation committee. The dates for those meetings are preset well in advance and there's no other day that the significant number of options are issued. For FY '08 we repurchased I believe 179 million shares of our stock and there were 10 million shares that were either exercised or released. And so I think what you can see is that we have been repurchasing well more than the number of shares that have been exercised or released and actually the ratio has been improving in favor of shareholders over the last several years. I think we were saying that we were looking at industry seasonality, typically down 10. And I think we said we would expect to do better than that -- that revenue (multiple speakers). That is more of a revenue comment. On the retail footprint, I think there are some much larger and more valuable retailers and those are the ones that we're really concentrating on. We don't necessarily want to just increase the number of doors. I think there are new countries where we want to do that. So for example, in China and India we added about 3,500 doors on a sequential basis. So pretty big change in some of the emerging countries, pointing to comments I made earlier. So we'll be looking to do it selectively. If you take the US for example, we've got some great big partners and we're driving a lot you through them, don't really see the need to open a lot more doors here in the US. Yes, server units grew at about the rate of the industry. I believe it was up 10% year-over-year. We have seen some pretty interesting trends in the first quarter. It looks like our server growth is going to be quite a bit higher in the first quarter. I think you can look at the different parts of the industry that we compete in, and you can measure us part by part and decide. We will be the first ones to tell you that we are not happy with our growth rate as it is today either in absolute terms or relative to the industry. I think when you look at the gross margins in total, you can -- I mean, mathematically from a Consumer mix standpoint there is at least 30 to 40 basis points of quarter-on-quarter pressure there. The Consumer margins separately in terms of their own gross margins were also challenged. Those are the two things we isolated. You know, that is a good question. We're right in the middle of that right now, and I will tell you there's a lot of cost to take out. Probably a good thing for us to tee up for the analyst meeting in April to give you a sense for some of the changes we're making there. I think particularly with the new Latitude introduction, the 10 series of 410, 610, 810, we have really hit the sweet spot of business mobile computing, and we've also got, on the consumer side, with products like the Inspiron XPS, just a wonderful product line. And the notebook business is very strong for us. We also see lots of new wireless networks that we can embed in those that present additional opportunities for transition to mobile computers. Component costs are still coming down, they'll continue in the third quarter. Yes, Ben. I would say, again, we have $3.4 billion of cash flow the last four quarters; I would expect some improvement in the second half of the year. The cash conversion cycle dropped by about a day in the quarter. And most of the impact in the quarter was really linearity around sales; we had a relatively back-end loaded second quarter in terms of shipments. So we hope to get some of that back. We are -- we're kicking off internally a regular working capital counsel that will be focused on driving the key levers there for cash flow in the second half of the year. And again, one of the things we're going to do as well is changing the comp metrics for the Company to include a cash-based metrics in 2010. So, cash is a big focus and we'll continue to work to improve it. I think it's across the board. Certainly we have a very large set of customers and it will be important for us to focus on some key opportunities and some key geographies in the initial phases of this. But certainly we see great opportunity to expand and grow here. Well, the reference that I remember on a call, the four quarters, was in reference to a question about improvement in consumer profitability. But maybe I don't recall what the question (multiple speakers) -- Sure. If you look at the changes in the storage business, I think one of the most remarkable ones is the increase in gross margins dollars in this business. Certainly that comes from having more and more of our own IP. We have had a great success with EqualLogic. The EMC relationship continues. And, as we pointed out earlier this week, about 80% of the Dell/EMC relationship fits into the lower-end CLARiiON CX 120 product, the AX product, the NAS products and Data Domain, which are really products that we today do not have similar offerings for. So there is a strong relationship there that I think will continue for some time. Certainly there will be places where we choose to partner and places where we choose to compete, but we also see with this proposed 3PAR acquisition a great opportunity to grow the high end of our storage portfolio and continue to make this a rapidly growing part of Dell's overall business. Well, it's a multi-dimensional equation. On the one hand, you have expectations of improvements in cost. And on the other hand, you have the sort of opportunity to grow, the addition of new products, new countries and new customer segments. And then you have the competitive overlay. We've been expanding rapidly throughout EMEA. And also I think it's fair to say that some of the Western European economies have slowed a bit, creating some pressure in that environment. But when we look at it on balance, we believe that our margins can certainly improve quite a bit in Europe. I think the example that Don mentioned earlier, the Inspiron 1525, which is a very popular product at retail today, which comes in at about a $70 lower-cost point. Those are exactly the types of things we need to do to get this business on the right footing in terms of growth and profitability. Not exactly sure what the HP-type scenario is. I'm not sure they know either. I think the bigger discussions have been around industry capacity. So we have sat down with the leading companies in the supply chain and saying, okay, here is what we think we're going to need in the next six quarters, ten quarters. And let's talk about capacity investments. Because I think a number of these folks didn't have the capacity. And as we look at our business and expected demand, there is investments that are viewed. And we are starting to see those go in. We were able to get, I would say, pretty good response on the upside requests that we had, because we didn't anticipate the demand would be as strong as it was. So that is a pretty good characterization of it. Thank you. Glad to be here. Yeah, in terms of the corporate refresh I don't want to overstate this but we have -- certainly there are a number of corporations that have installed bases of machines that are four years old and plus, and they are, you know, kind of coming to the point where they need to replace them. We're seeing these -- these wins start to occur. But it's not really tied to a particular vertical. On the 64 bit extensions to 32 bit micro-processors, we think this is a rather good idea. But we don't think there will be only one micro-processor company that has come one that idea. So I would expect there will be a variety of choices and we're going to fully participate in that market. Alright. Thank you, Don. I would like to offer a few thoughts on our situation. I'm encouraged that we grew slightly faster than the industry during the fourth quarter, and it is very clear that we still have significant work to do on our cost structure. And at the same time, we are making some significant progress on our top five priorities that we believe will create great value for our customers and our shareholders. The first is global consumer where we started to deliver cutting-edge products, and we're delivering them faster and through more channels than ever before. With just 8% share of the global consumer opportunity, we have tremendous opportunity here. We're now in over 10,000 retail stores worldwide, and this business is on a $1 billion revenue run-rate with 1 million units sold worldwide. In the last six months, we launched new Inspiron notebooks, the XPS systems, including the XPS One all-in-one desktop, the XPS M1330 and M1530, the XPS 720 H2C gaming system with the Intel Core 2 Extreme Quad Core Processor. These are best-in-class products that have swept 65% of the product awards available to them in the fourth quarter and about 300 awards for the entire year. But we will not grow at all costs. As Don has mentioned, we are re-engineering our entire cost structure to be the best in the industry. Improvements in profitability will take some time as we build out a new portfolio of products. But based on the actions we're taking, I don't see an impediment to Dell having similar levels of profitability to our competitors in this space. The second opportunity for us is the enterprise, and this is where we are using our platform of simplifying IT for our customers, and it supports our approach to being a leader in storage, virtualization and power and cooling, complementing our traditional leadership in servers and systems. In January we launched our 10th generation blade server architecture. The PowerEdge M-Series is the most energy-efficient blade server solution on the market built from the ground up using Energy Smart technologies. With our data center solution offerings, (inaudible) offerings were an innovator in hyper-scale data centers. And our PowerEdge servers are number one in server performance for database and virtualization, overall price performance and energy efficiency. We now have a full range of industry-leading servers covering 16 platforms. In virtualization we are a leading partner with VMWare, and we recently begun a broadening of our strategic partnership that will begin the process of putting VMWare hypervisors across all virtualization-certified Dell-powered servers starting in early April. We also announced a partnership with Citrix to deliver Zen source embedded hypervisor technology across our PowerEdge server line this year, giving customers choice and increased management and interoperability in data center environments. We also completed the acquisition of EqualLogic, the leader in iSCSI SANs. The iSCSI SAN's base is expected to grow 138% annually over the next five years. Right after closing this acquisition, we introduced the PS5000 series, the next generation of SAN storage array, which is a great example of Dell offering a simple, affordable and scalable solution with high-performance. Customers that have one or more EqualLogic storage array can benefit from virtualization technology that balances capacity, processing power and network connectivity. All of this is part of the virtualization technology that EqualLogic's software brings to the table. We also introduced ProSupport Service Solutions, which breaks the one size fits all fragmented support model that is prevalent in our industry. ProSupport spans across all hardware and will enable commercial customers, including small and medium businesses to obtain world-class service from Dell or our registered solution providers without paying for more than they need. This is really going to change the way corporate IT service works. The third priority is notebooks where we are reasserting our leadership creating the best products for consumers and businesses. Our goal is simple -- to reclaim our heritage as the fastest, most innovative notebook provider in the world. And this is really important now in an environment where notebook growth will outpace desktop six to one. To help us achieve this, we have separated our consumer and commercial design groups this year by focusing our consumer team on innovation and shorter design cycles. Since then, we have launched four notebook families for consumer in just six months. Our new Inspiron 1525 is the first product we've brought to market using this shorter design cycle, and there's a lot more innovation to come. This year we expect to launch almost 50% more new notebook platforms than last year. The fourth is small to medium business where our solutions are led by storage and blade products. We've begun two initiatives here that will transform our relationship with this $100 billion plus global segment. In the fourth quarter, we launched our Partner Direct channel program in the United States. Currently Dell has more than 30,000 global partners around the world, and this year we generated $10 billion in revenue. With the expansion last month of Partner Direct in EMEA, we're increasing the impact these partners will have on Dell's growth. We are also building out our IT as a service plan with a strategy focused on providing SMB customers and partners an entirely new model for service. This will be a configurable suite of mission-critical capabilities that rely on remote monitoring, simplification and lifecycle management. It is a disruptive model for IT services, and I encourage you to watch this space. And fifth, we're bringing our products and services to a huge rapidly growing emerging market around the world. We expanded our direct model into the BRIC countries, and as Don mentioned, our revenues in those countries were up 36% on a 50% increase in units. These countries represent 8% of our total revenues and are on a $5.1 billion run-rate. This is only the beginning. Emerging countries are a $64 billion opportunity for Dell. Over the long-term, these are the initiatives that will drive growth in revenue, earnings and cash. I have confidence in it because I believe that customer-driven innovation in hardware, software and services is our competitive advantage. We will achieve productive change by concentrating on the fundamentals. Our competitiveness. In other words, cost and productivity. Our five growth priorities, especially global consumer, storage and emerging countries and customer-driven innovation, which you have started to see in Q4, and you will see much more of over the course of this year. We're focused and determined on driving superior growth, improving profitability and excellent cash returns for our shareholders. Now let me turn it back over to Lynn. Yes, Ben. I would say, again, we have $3.4 billion of cash flow the last four quarters; I would expect some improvement in the second half of the year. The cash conversion cycle dropped by about a day in the quarter. And most of the impact in the quarter was really linearity around sales; we had a relatively back-end loaded second quarter in terms of shipments. So we hope to get some of that back. We are -- we're kicking off internally a regular working capital counsel that will be focused on driving the key levers there for cash flow in the second half of the year. And again, one of the things we're going to do as well is changing the comp metrics for the Company to include a cash-based metrics in 2010. So, cash is a big focus and we'll continue to work to improve it. And now we're at dell.com and the next month we' be at Best Buy. I showed earlier today a seven-inch tablet. So, they're getting bigger. You see some smaller ones. We're going to kind of grow the product line. That's pretty big. Thank you, Brian. This past year demand started off quite slow and gradually improved as the year progressed. Towards the latter part of the year, as the economy was stabilizing, we saw broad increases in demand across all of our businesses, and that has continued. The drivers include strong return on investment, especially for server and storage solutions, an aging installed base, and Windows 7. And we are seeing a continuation of the favorable demand trend this year. We are focused on and seeing significant strength with our Enterprise solutions, our 11G servers, Dell EMC and EqualLogic storage and the expanded Dell Services capabilities, enhanced with the acquisition of Perot Systems. On the Client side we are seeing the beginnings of a refresh, driven by Windows 7 and increased mobility. The age of the installed base is significant, and customers see the refresh as a productivity enabler. We think the refresh takes time and stretches well into 2011. Well, I think the consumer Average Selling Prices are down considerably. You can see this in some of our other competitors who had even larger drops in average selling price than Dell did. But clearly we're going through a pretty major change in the consumer business. We're committed to running the business in a 1% to 2% Opinc range, and confident that we can improve the margins over time. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Not much. We are under-represented in the immerging countries and also in the consumer space. We think we have a big opportunity in services that's quite substantial. Certainly, enterprise, the data centers are a big opportunity for us, as well. So, we're going to put a lot of investment behind those areas to grow. Small, medium customers have also been a great area of growth and profit for us. We think we can serve those customers even more effectively. So, on each one of those, they're fairly substantial and we're doing quite a bit. We're building new factories in Poland, in India, in Brazil. I think you'll see a regular kind of expansion of retail consumer partners for the consumer side of the business. We're augmenting our services capability so we can provide more to our customers and to do more. These are things around virtualization, around power and cooling, backup and recovery, exchange migrations, really turning IT into a service and making IT a lot easier. So, the first point is, I think if you look relative to HP, we've outgrown HP the last two quarters. If you look at the server, which is, we think, kind of the cornerstone asset here in the next generation data center because, as we see it, a lot of the networking is essentially getting effectively sucked into the server. I'm happy to explain that in more technical detail if you'd like. But -- so, our share in x86 servers in the United States is about 38%. We've had number one share in x86 servers in the United States for the last decade and continue to have a leading share there. Globally, we have about 28% share in servers, far in excess of IBM or Oracle, and certainly Cisco is a complete new entrant into that space. Yes, it's very levered to new product introductions where we have made a much better future value trade-off, as Brian mentioned earlier. And we believe that derives a significant portion of this. Well, I would say during the course of the headcount reductions we've done over the last six quarters, we've been adding resources in terms of that customer-facing capability in emerging countries and in new product lines, supporting our enterprise growth, supporting the services business. So we've been making that trade-off and reducing the customer-facing -- improving our customer-facing mix during that period of time. We'll continue to look at the scaling and our mix of resources going forward. There will be a continued focus of adding front line, growth-oriented resources while we continue to look at our G&A structure. The spending pattern we saw in the U.S. was about what we had thought it would be. We expected conservative spending and that's kind of what we saw, but it is also true that when you're selling a productivity enhancing device that has a defined life, customers can delay the purchase of that for some period of time. However, at some point it becomes counterproductive to have tools that are too old, and so we believe and have seen through any number of cycles that there is a re rebound effect, so we're staying very close to these large customers and we know that even the customers in some of the most dire economic conditions have to upgrade their productivity tools. It is kind of the last thing it will cut, in fact the enterprise business was strong as this is a -- this is a place if you look at like data storage, for example, data storage is not stopping. In fact, it continues to expand at enormous rate and companies have to deal with that, and we've got great solutions for that. I think when you look at the gross margins in total, you can -- I mean, mathematically from a Consumer mix standpoint there is at least 30 to 40 basis points of quarter-on-quarter pressure there. The Consumer margins separately in terms of their own gross margins were also challenged. Those are the two things we isolated. That's sacred. Well, you said it. It would be more products in more regions. On the retail footprint, I think there are some much larger and more valuable retailers and those are the ones that we're really concentrating on. We don't necessarily want to just increase the number of doors. I think there are new countries where we want to do that. So for example, in China and India we added about 3,500 doors on a sequential basis. So pretty big change in some of the emerging countries, pointing to comments I made earlier. So we'll be looking to do it selectively. If you take the US for example, we've got some great big partners and we're driving a lot you through them, don't really see the need to open a lot more doors here in the US. Yes, I guess I'll let Steve answer the services question. I think it's -- clearly there are lots of areas where we have room to grow in the services business and places we're going to make investments to expand beyond the current footprint we have in services. So that's got to be a big part of the answer in terms of how we grow faster than the market. I wouldn't want to go any further than just saying that there will be other products out there. I think the issue right now is not, can you take the 32 bit micro-processor and extend it to 64 bits. The question is, what do you actually do with it in the form of software? Because there's not a whole lot of software at the moment that actually takes advantage of that. So, technically, this is more of a software issue at the moment than a hardware issue as we see it. I think you will see our operating income grow faster than revenues for the entire year. We didn't really have any late products. I think the going-forward answer is really a combination of better pricing, execution, and we believe improving costs footprints on new products. And if you've been reading the news in the last few days, you know we're deep into product introduction season. We're introducing a large, large number of new products last week, this week, and you'll see that continue. We are obviously buying the products from Oracle and then we pay them for their portion and we sell a complete server. So for example, we would sell a server for about $4,000. If you go to the web site, you can sort of see what the price would be with various services and that sort of thing. In terms of our business, we have about a 22 percent share of the hardware market for database servers that sell for under $10,000. So a little under half $1 billion. We think that in the next couple of years that that is going to grow to about $1 billion business for us in terms of the hardware. So this obviously expands the market for us. And Oracle's database is renowned among customers. And it will add to the momentum that we already have in the server and enterprise market. Well, we're doing a number of things. The first thing we're doing is, as part of the really relook, clean sheet relook at our manufacturing operations, we have found opportunities to better leverage our supply chain partners. And I think part of that is also creating effectively more than one supply chain alternative for how products reach their ultimate destination. So there is a simplified model here of products that are configured in a less complex way. We have been able to drive an enormous amount of cost out. That will be utilized not only in our direct customer relationships, but in our partner relationships as well. We are also seeing that these partners are quite interested in our ability to deliver small lots very rapidly to individual stores, which takes a lot of inventory out of their distribution system. So we put all this together, we are seeing a nice opportunity here. We are managing closely and watching closely certainly the inventory levels and stocking levels as we go through the critical buying periods and product transition periods in the different countries that we are operating in. Well those are great questions. I don't think we have all the answers to those questions, but what I can tell you is that we think that the touch screen products will certainly cost more. They are more in the price points and price bands that we tend to operate in. We will have the full complement of products around the time of Windows 8 being announced and available. We think there will be -- unlike other Windows transitions, this is a transition where you generally are going to need a new PC, whether it is a tablet or an Ultrabook with touch, or a notebook with touch, or a PC with touch or some derivative hybrid of all of the above type products. The product refresh cycle associated with this release of Windows is likely to be very different from other releases, but it is hard to know exactly what that looks like. We are preparing a full complement of products and we will be ready with those, as we said earlier, at the time of the Windows 8 release. I think you will see our operating income grow faster than revenues for the entire year. It is fair to assume that Dell is engaged in the entire process throughout the supply chain, from raw materials and sourcing those and being very involved in the supply chain from the beginning to its end. And that is how we ensure great value and great quality to our customers. But I think the process by which we transform and manufacture these products is no different from other products that we have out there in the market and are very successful with. One of the other things we're finding is that many of these software acquisitions actually pull a lot of infrastructure. So for example you think about we some time ago acquired a company called Aperture, which was already growing very fast in the back half recovery replication high-availability space. And it turns out that a lot of customers are deploying unique server and storage environments for Aperture. And so you're going to see us leverage our infrastructure strength with our emerging software capabilities as we complete the Quest acquisition to drive even further growth there. I think with what is going on in the global economy one would take a bit of caution looking into next year. What we see in our business is that the refresh cycle is very much in full bloom. And if you look at Windows 7, you look at Exchange 2010 on the server side, we see enormous adoption there. You look at Office 2010. We continue to see a healthy refresh cycle, and the things that we are selling our customers yield very high ROI. And we are able to sell a broader range of them at increasing marketing so feeling pretty good about the commercial business. Well, if you're talking relative to the industry, I mean, our commercial units were up 20%, which all the data from IBC would suggest that that's faster than the industry growth in commercial. The biggest difference relative to the industry is that we have a really, really small consumer business. Consumer is growing quite fast in Europe and we're not participating in it. We chose to prioritize Asia and the United States. Well, I would say during the course of the headcount reductions we've done over the last six quarters, we've been adding resources in terms of that customer-facing capability in emerging countries and in new product lines, supporting our enterprise growth, supporting the services business. So we've been making that trade-off and reducing the customer-facing -- improving our customer-facing mix during that period of time. We'll continue to look at the scaling and our mix of resources going forward. There will be a continued focus of adding front line, growth-oriented resources while we continue to look at our G&A structure. Well, so let's kind of level set here in the United States. I think last count we had about 37% share of the X86 server units. So we've got a pretty good position there. I think what we're seeing certainly is a big deferral of purchases among corporations. But when we talk to them, the thing I'm hearing is they're planning on a pretty big 2010 client refresh. And they're sort of playing around with 07. They passed over Vista and they're sort of planning for that now. Yes, if you look at the overall consumer business, it is very, very favorable in terms of working capital. Yes, the pro support attach rate was about 36% in the first quarter, up pretty nicely from the fourth quarter. And we're working hard to continue to drive more services attach. And certainly the deferred services balance continues to grow even while overall revenues were down. So we're clearly pointing in this direction. And as you get this upgrade cycle that we're really preparing for, our intent would be even more to move those customers from as we mentioned to you many times before, from kind of product to service. We wouldn't want to signal acquisitions before they occurred. Generally not a good strategy. But certainly, as Brian said, we'll continue to be acquisitive, and there are certainly capabilities that we'll want to add to our portfolio. Yes, I think if you had a chance to use one of the products, you would quickly come to the conclusion that it's probably an incremental opportunity. The way I would think about this is it's a second or third machine in a developed country. It's my first machine in an emerging country. And it's kind of market expansion if it doesn't quite fit in one of those two categories. But I don't think you'll see a lot of people trading down their 15-inch notebooks for nine-inch notebooks. The experience in terms of the screen and keyboard and other trade-offs is pretty significant. And actually, if you know anything about the history of computers, you know that the screens have been getting bigger, not smaller. I don't hazard a guess on that. Not much. You know, if you look at our storage business, we had EqualLogic growing 66%. It is now over $800 million run rate. We continue to invest in that business. You have seen how we have purchased Exanet to add CIFS and NFS file system capability; Ocarina to add deduplication and compression capability. We are going to continue to build out that portfolio. We have a 10-year relationship with EMC. That relationship continues to evolve and believe that we will continue to be working with them as well. So when we look at the growth in the gross margins in our storage business, we are quite pleased with the -- the gross margin in this business has roughly doubled over the course of the last two years. So we are very focused on continuing to grow our storage business. And for us the measures of success are profitability and pretty pleased with the progress we are making. Yes, that's right. The demand has been pretty steady, as Brian said. The upgrade programs that companies have tend to be multi-quarter and we haven't really seen significant change in those. Last question, operator? I'm not sure we have that today. What I can tell you is we have about 13,000 retail partners. We added about 2,000 during the first quarter. Costco here in the United States, [Suning] who is the number two electronics retailer in China and a variety of others in China as well, we added Best Buy in Canada. Don't have additional information for you. Well, one simple way to think about it is that in almost all the countries in the world, our brand is way under-represented in consumer. And so, if you operate one of these retailers, one of the things that fairly commonly happens is people come to the store and they say, do you have Dell? Okay. Well, they don't have Dell. They've been hearing that question for a long, long time. And, as you might imagine, in any given country, there are a couple of key retailers that are all sort of competing with each other. We've found enormous interest from these retailers in wanting to be our partner. So, we're looking for the right win/win where we have the unique offering, unique relationship where it's going to be successful for both companies. Thank you for your question. First, I'd like to point out that the catalogs that we send do use recycled paper. So in fact Dell was a leader in transitioning to recycle paper. In fact, after we did that we sent a letter to other catalogers encouraging them to do the same and we created a shortage of recycled paper in the United States. So that was kind of an interesting side story. But in terms of your question on service, I can understand why you would be upset. If I had experienced that I would be upset too. And I can assure you we absolutely did not make money on your experience. I can also assure you that that is not representative of the bulk of the experiences that our customers encounter. In fact, as you heard earlier today, our notebook business grew 47% in units on a year-over-year basis and our consumer business is growing quite fast. We do measure quite intently through all sorts of mechanisms, including many of the ones that you suggested, the satisfaction level. It's also measured quite intently by outside firms such as the Frost and Sullivan award which came out just earlier this week showing that Dell's the most highly regarded brand in the United States and that the vast majority of our customers are either extremely satisfied or satisfied. So we'd love to meet with you afterwards and understand the experience that you had and learn from that more directly. But I can assure you, we didn't make any money on that and that's not our intent and we appreciate the feedback. Yes, we were actually growing in blades. Blades are a pretty concentrated business, so it's really kind of one-and-a-half competitors there. We have done some pretty interesting things. We have blades that have a 50% greater memory footprint than our competition. We use about 20% less power comparing our blades to our competitors, and so it's been a nice area of growth. And we also introduced a four-socket AMD blade and now, of course, with the Shanghai processor it's in a pretty good position. Let's take one more question, Operator. Yes, what we see is the blades are often associated with large transactions, which include deployment services, virtualization services, EqualLogic storage, Dell EMC storage, really integrated programs that are a lot stickier for us, and getting us much more into the kind of solutions that we're really targeting. Well, it's a multi-dimensional equation. On the one hand, you have expectations of improvements in cost. And on the other hand, you have the sort of opportunity to grow, the addition of new products, new countries and new customer segments. And then you have the competitive overlay. We've been expanding rapidly throughout EMEA. And also I think it's fair to say that some of the Western European economies have slowed a bit, creating some pressure in that environment. But when we look at it on balance, we believe that our margins can certainly improve quite a bit in Europe. Absolutely. I think you can think about servers, storage, solutions. If you look in the quarter we had high teens sequential growth in servers and storage, 26% year-over-year growth in servers, 44% growth in revenues in EqualLogic. We are investing a lot in that whole incentive solutions layer in the infrastructure and efficient enterprise. And certainly shifting the capabilities of the salesforce. I think a big part of this past year was building those capabilities inside the sales organization to really go focus on the data center and solutions. I think we're clearly in a period of elevated growth right now, and it looks like that's going to continue for some time. There is a pent up replacement cycle. You have enormous growth in emerging countries. You could see a wave of desktop virtualization which could be quite attractive on a consolidated basis, given the shift in value to the server storage complex and the related kind of systems management software that goes around that. But, kind of an a five year view, it wouldn't surprise me to see somewhere in the teens or low teens. Not really sure. I think PC unit growth is going to be an increasingly less relevant way to measure Dell's kind of future business. Certainly, we'll be a participant there and interested in that. But, more and more of our focus is on the value which is not really that tied necessarily to all of the units. There are a lot of units to which there is not an enormous amount of value, and we're not as focused on those. Well, if you look at the business over the last several quarters, the operating margins have been relatively stable in SMB. And our intent is to manage the operating margins at a healthy level, even as we're growing the business. So I think we're pretty optimistic about the portfolio there. And particularly the shift in that business. We continue to introduce new products that are really well suited for small medium business that have increasing margins. It's a balance t but I wouldn't necessarily look for margins to go down there. I think there is another important point here. I mean this is a company that is making some very significant investments to change the portfolio and the nature of its business going forward. If you look where Dell was about a year ago, we had finished a quarter where our unit volume was declining at 11% year-over-year. In the quarter that we just finished, our unit volumes were increasing 19%. That is a pretty big change in the share momentum of the Company. In addition, when I look at all the investments that we are making, we believe those are the right ones. Would we like to see results coming faster? Absolutely. We certainly believe it is. Uh-huh. So if you want the first-quarter guidance you got to wait for the end of the fourth-quarter call. Yes, Toni, there's one possible scenario that you left out. And that is that Dell has a high share of the commercial space in Europe, but a very low share of consumer. And that's exactly what you'll find was the anomaly. In fact, we gained share in the commercial segment in Europe, and we are almost infinitesimally small in consumer in Europe. I'm not sure we have that today. What I can tell you is we have about 13,000 retail partners. We added about 2,000 during the first quarter. Costco here in the United States, [Suning] who is the number two electronics retailer in China and a variety of others in China as well, we added Best Buy in Canada. Don't have additional information for you. Well, if we grow part of direct then that's more channel business for sure. The mix of the partner direct business has been pretty favorable, so the operating margins of that business are relatively similar to the commercial direct business, because of the mix of servers and storage and advanced products. So we're actively growing that, signing up more partners, and I think you'll see that piece of the business continue to grow. Thank you. So, essentially, we become the IT department for small things inside these companies and the nature of the relationship really changes. No, haven't really pulled back on any product launches. We've certainly vectored our product development and marketing organizations to things that align closely with customer needs, so that would go right to savings, and productivity, virtualization, those technologies that are going to yield immediate savings for customers. Yes, it's very levered to new product introductions where we have made a much better future value trade-off, as Brian mentioned earlier. And we believe that derives a significant portion of this. But if you do, you know where -- Okay. So just to close here, let's just review where we are. So far this year earnings per share for the Company are up 6%, and Dell has a great balance sheet. We have strong customer relationships. We have a strong brand. We expanding the mix of products and services that we have focused on the enterprise. The execution of Dell is improving. This is going to allow us to continue to deliver solid profitability. Customers are really focused on value right now. That's really plays to Dell's core strength, and I think we have some opportunities to seize on here that our competitors can't. We're clearly choosing profit over growth, but we also believe the changes we're making to our cost structure will allow us to achieve both over time. So thanks very much, and we look forward to talking with you again soon. Well, our belief is that we've been growing faster than the industry for a couple of quarters now. We believe that will continue. Of course, a bigger question is what's the industry growth going to be? A lot of moving parts there and we don't quite frankly know. We have a good sense for what our demand picture is. And all the indications we have tell us, with the products we have and the efforts we're putting forth, we'll continue to grow faster than the industry. We think it is a multi-year opportunity. We're taking all the right steps for this to be a substantial value creating part of our business. How about two words? Solution provider. Well, look, I think we got a great business. I think we can make it even greater. And I think the reason that the gross margins in that business have been expanding is because we have an increasingly differentiated portfolio of solutions. And our intent is to only drive that more and further, so the kinds of areas you're highlighting are the sorts of things that we would be focused on. Just also add to some of the prior questions, some of the shifts that are going on in the industry are obviously moving workloads into the data center and we're benefiting from that as well. So as you see more virtual, insert your adjective here, or down here, in terms of the client, the network, the security, the storage et cetera, those are all driving the Enterprise growth for us, so we're going to really make what is a great business today an even larger, more successful business. I think -- one of the most immediate opportunities we see with all of the users coming online is the tremendous buildout of the data centers to feed all that data. So, we're very focused on our data center custom solutions business and providing the infrastructure to all of the content providers and telcos that are feeding up all that data. A lot of data would suggest that we are supplying about 19 of the 25 largest websites in the world, and really continue to have a significant presence in that tier. You're also starting to see us a bit in the device side. We are very much working with Android and Windows Mobile 7, and we see those platforms as more attractive alternatives to other suggestions that you may have offered. You will recall last quarter we were quite concerned about the supply of certain components. We're not nearly as concerned as we were then. Yes, I think it is a question of how many tablets do you think will be sold. If the PC market is 380 million units and the tablet market is take a guess, I'm not sure it's a huge percentage this year. Certainly there is a lot of excitement around Android, and we are participating in that. Lots of folks working on tablets and touch type solutions. I think next year you will see a lot more of them. We are all monitoring this together. Well, I think in response to all these questions we have been giving you the fourth-quarter guidance and I'm not going to give you anything other than the fourth-quarter guidance. -- and that's been going on for a year-over-year basis for a long time. As we continue to change out the portfolio, Q1 was a dramatic changeout, and high confidence in our ability to grow storage margins and revenue going forward. I think there is another important point here. I mean this is a company that is making some very significant investments to change the portfolio and the nature of its business going forward. If you look where Dell was about a year ago, we had finished a quarter where our unit volume was declining at 11% year-over-year. In the quarter that we just finished, our unit volumes were increasing 19%. That is a pretty big change in the share momentum of the Company. In addition, when I look at all the investments that we are making, we believe those are the right ones. Would we like to see results coming faster? Absolutely. Yes. I would just say that many of the same sort of dynamics that Paul described and Don described around some of the financial institutions, specifically the global financial institutions, clearly, affect Western Europe as well. But up until this point, it's been fairly isolated. As Don said, we're not economists. There's lots of speculation as to what the global impact will be, and our belief is we're going to continue to grow faster than the market.Yeah, again it depends on whether you look at it year over year sequentially, but obviously again our strategy is to drive for profitable share growth and that is the way we would continue to maintain our position. So ... I think there is considerable there is a considerable opportunity here for one, you will recall over the last and more recently couple of years, we have seen all but two of the proprietary processor platforms, essentially capitulate to Intel. And so we see IA64 as a significant opportunity and it's going to be multiyear opportunity, longer-range opportunities as you suggested. But as you get large database engines, this would definitely push us into the midrange and even higher end once the computing we are planning products that will absolutely addressed that. As far as UNIX, the first point is there is really is not one UNIX, there is Sun and couple of others, but Solaris is certainly the only really significant one at this point that continues to hold its own. There is still continuing Linux activity on the server front, which will continue to support and we are very supportive of efforts in building that further, but of course the main story is Microsoft, and Windows 2000 Data center. So, we are pushing very, very hard and we think that other decisions by other vendors to abandon proprietary platforms will only further strengthen our potential and opportunities here. Yeah, as far as the replacement cycle, we don't think that it all happens in the second quarter of 2002, I should clarify that. I think if you go back to late '98 and early '99, what you see is that the peak was in the second quarter of '99, but the quarters oneither side of it were both pretty strong also. So I think this is a gradual process, and certainly, key events like the Brookdale chipset with Pentium 4 and the Office XP, Windows XP release, will be catalysts for increasing demand and growing demand throughout that period. Jim, you may want to address the question on... Andy, our strategy is to profitably gain market share and that's what makes us happy. We're having a hard time hearing, if you could speak up a little bit. We use 28.5% this quarter, and would continue to look at it from quarter to quarter with the improvements that we've had in income outside the United States. We brought it down from where, it was 30% last year, and we brought it down in this quarter to 28.5, and for now, that's where we're modeling the next quarter at. Next question? With respect to the shares, we've spent $751 million buying back over $16 million shares, and I think on the server side of it, it just depends on how the total revenue comes out. We had a strong Q4, so our first quarter was actually down sequentially in terms of overall revenue, and yet the enterprise revenue was roughly flat. I think, if we're down on the lower end of your net 3 to 5 range, it wouldn't surprise me to have server revenue actually be up and have desktop revenue be down. Don't think we've broken the revenue out . . . Well, if you take the overall market, Dell grew 27% in units in the first quarter. The overall market, if you exclude Dell from it, was actually down. So I don't know what the overall market's going to do. I believe, we're going to continue to grow, and I expect that the factors I mentioned will increasingly affect a more positive industry demand scenario. Now based on everything we know now, it's quite possible that Dell could be the largest beneficiary. In fact, I would expect that we will be the largest beneficiary of any increases in demand, should they occur. And regarding the win rate, we haven't updated you onthose numbers for a while. They've been in the 60%-70% for probably the last year, and in as much as there is a lot more acquisition business coming out right now, and has been for the last quarter or two than there is really run rate business, our win rate is as high as it's ever been. So we're still in the 60%-70% win rate on all of the corporate acquisition business. Yes. Hi, Andrew we are hearing you. As far as the macro demand environment, I would not say it hasn't really changed that much. There certainly has been some further deterioration in some of the sectors that we talked about in dot com and telecoms, but that is now a negligible part of business. The corporate spending in other sectors continue to be, I would say, fairly similar to what it had been in prior quarter. No unless we saw some other compelling alternative, there has been discussion of forms of UNIX on Intel platforms and we would be perfectly willing to entertain those, but it all gets down to applications and customer demand, those sort of things. The good news here is that while Sun kind of caught their early lead a few years, Windows have been catching up pretty fast, and gaining momentum, and we are seeing more and more enterprise scale applications move over to the Windows platform and IA64 will drive that even further. If you join us for our third quarter conference call, we will let you know. Andy, in that regard, in workstations right now worldwide we have 46% market share. Well, Don, we didn't use the word sudden or dramatic and I do not think this is sudden or dramatic. I think when we characterize the industry environment, perhaps it is a little more conservative that what some others have stated. If that turns out not to be the case, that's better for Dell and perhaps for some of our competitors too. I think we profit more than our competitors, we are not changing our pricing strategy, and we just don't see a strong catalyst for huge demand pickup in the fourth quarter. That's right. Well the unit growth rate has stayed up. The issue has been a really dramatic reduction in the cost of certain components, particularly flat-panel screens, and that has actually caused a continuing transition, and of course, on the margin, we'd rather sell the customer a notebook than a desktop. You know, we are not providing any guidance beyond the third quarter. We generally are looking towards the spring of 2002 as a period where we would see more robust demand cycle from corporations. Well, as far as operating margin, I think it's safe to say that in the first quarter we had very robust demand in servers and storage, and that helped us deliver margins that were slightly higher than we anticipated. Now your point is certainly a valid one, but I would emphasize that we are focused on profitability, as well as growth. Can we just have one more question? And enterprise along with notebooks are roughly 50% of revenue. Kevin, are you just taking about our sequential growth? I think it is likely to be a consumer-driven excitement initially and certainly the option rate among consumers have been quite high, quite rapidly, and positioned very immediately. It also exited immediately. I think the cycle around corporate is going to be very much tied to again the economy. There is a very, very compelling alignment of technologies in terms of an upgrade whether it is Pentium 4, XP, three-pound wireless, notebooks, beta $2.11 node [___], I think they all sort kind of intersect together, but all of those are sort of somewhat balanced by the health of the economy. Well, a couple of points, first of all there is no question as the price of difference between the desktop and notebook widens and if there is tightening economies, customers will lead to our desktops but that kind of oscillates back and forth particularly you having improving feature sets and wireless and those kinds of things. We are now #1 in notebooks for the first time worldwide and we have seen very strong growth there, we are #1 in the US with a 25% market share, so the shift in notebooks will continue but it does get mitigated when you have new processor cycles like the Pentium IV and more challenging economics will drive customers back to desktop but that is kind of more temporary effect. 29% share in the US, we gained 8 points a share year over year and worldwide, we have a little over 19% share. Let me take the component trends, Andy, short term we are seeing significant reductions in component prices along the tracks we have seen this last quarter and its obviously crosses to all components. We see this opportunity though to continue those declines with the capacity that's being put in place in certain areas like flat panels. So, over the next several quarters, we are on a trajectory to see those component cost improvements, the same as we have seen them in the last quarter. When it turns around, it will turn around when the capacity cross demand and what we see right now, that's not in the cards for the next quarter any way and probably wont be in the cards until spring of next year. Yeah, I think you can expect that we're going to continue with similar trends where enterprise would be growing the fastest, notebooks the second priority, and desktops being third. Revenue growth for notebooks was up 7% year-over-year and down 3% sequentially. Okay. Let me talk about the external storage first. The external storage group, was 43% and it now represents about 45% of our total business in storage. In the 4 & 8 way space, we don't have second quarter numbers yet, so we can't tell you what our market share growth has been. We can only tell you that we are growing at 33 times the industry across the server business, so we expect to have substantial market share growth. I don't have that exact number in front of me, but yes, I mean that would come through again to reduce our tax expense, so we're not a taxpayer at this point in time. Thank you Jim, I would like to spend a few minutes giving you my perspective on the state of the computer systems industry and Dell's prospects for success. The sharp slowdown in information technology spending has been the most pronounced in the industry for many years. From an Y2K driven peak of 29% growth in the second quarter of 1999 to a 2% contraction in the second quarter 2001, tax spending has decelerated at a seemingly alarming rate. So lets put this in the perspective. As you might expect, there is a strong correlation between growth and technology spending and growth and overall GDP. Looking back at the last recession in the United States in 1991, IT spending slowed right along with GDP and then recovered as businesses resumed their investments in IT productivity tools. While there has been a solid correlation between the tax spending and GDP, the tax spending highs and lows have become more pronounced as IT spending has increased as a percentage of capital equipment spending, a cyclical exaggeration, if you will. In the US, IT spending as a percent of capital expenditure has risen three folds since 1960 to 53% in the 2000. Therefore, the overall business downturns have come to have larger and larger effects in technology spending. So, in an environment where businesses drive about 80% of total IT spending, but just 20% of total GDP a slowdown in corporate profits, its IT spending harder than hits overall GDP and this explains why in part of the pressed corporate earnings environment is having a larger impact on the technology industry than on GDP as a whole. Historically, this IT spending door has swung both ways, rebounding as dynamically as it has declined and when the economy improves as corporate profits rise, history suggests that business capital spending will once again be listing in the productivity enhancing tools that technology provides. The business case for productivity enhancing technology is just too compelling. Step function advancements in software, hardware, bandwidth wireless connectivity, as well as the continued build out in corporate internet infrastructures give us confidence, and we believe the beneficiaries of these spending will be the industry leaders. Companies that have continued to build relationship with customers and who have expanded their share bases. For Dell, our ongoing share gain should translate into a larger piece of the technology spending pie. Further, the pipeline of projects that our customers tell us that they want to undertake but can't due to funding cutbacks is strong. And many of these projects are a large portion of their IT infrastructure to the open systems environment, which is our sweet spot. So until then we will continue our strategy to profitably gain market share, building momentum as we grow. I believe our results this quarter show confirm our areas of focus and our commitment to long-term shareholder value creation. When you look at our industry leading operating results, our efficient cost structure and the improvements that we are making, our pricing leadership, our ongoing share gains across all global markets are moving to adjacent businesses and our track record of key customer satisfaction survey wins and resulting customer loyalty. We believe our strategy is on track and we will be one of the premier companies to emerge from our space, stronger and more profitable when economy and IT spending improve. And now we will be happy to take your questions. We will turn it back over to the operator. I think again you can push up the replacements for 6 months, 9 months, some people push it around longer than that, we haven't seen them going generally to 4 or 5 years unless you have very, very projected economic decline and then that is a different scenario and we don't expect that. Particularly as you have a lot of value, you have to remember of the roughly 450 machines that are out there, pretty small percentage, less than 10% or over GHz. So, if you have 2 GHz machines in the $1000-$5000 price points, and they are 7-8% faster than the machine itself in the installed base. There is a pretty compelling upgrade if you consider the cost of the knowledge over there and the productivity you get us, as well as new applications that continue to blast bits using the bandwidth that is available. Well, we had talked about revenue being down perhaps 3%-5%, so it depends again on what happens from a cost and pricing standpoint. If revenues were to be down on the lower end of that range, in terms of down 5%, and if margin did trend down somewhat, you could have a reduction in EPS. If we're in the higher end of the range, you'd have better numbers, which is why again that we gave a range of EPS. Sure, Gillian, I think as far as how this evolves, I think it's fairly difficult to predict because you have a number of competitors who obviously have different intentions and motivations and capabilities, but if you look at some of the more developed markets, I think it's interesting to note that at the point where Dell achieved, let's say, a tie for the number one place, our market share actually continued to rise at a very dramatic rate. So, I think, the real question is what are these other companies going to do when their cross structures are just unable to function in this environment. We believe that our business model is right for the times, and we're going to continue to refine it, but we don't have any way of knowing what our competitors are going to do, and there's really not much more to say about it. As far as the replacement cycle, it's certainly possible to push upgrades out, and certainly, we've seen a lot of that in this period of time. I'll tell you that when you talk to CIOs and when you talk to users, you can push it out for a while, but you can only push it out for so long, and certainly, as you get more and more new capabilities, the anticipation and the desire to drive an upgrade cycle inside companies becomes greater and greater. We've seen this in the past in certain industry sectors where there was turmoil and there wasn't buying and they wouldstop buying for a while, but then all of a sudden when the economic conditions improved in that industry they would buy a tremendous amount. Again, it's very hard to predict how this may play out by industry, but we see a lot of catalysts that would suggest that there is going to be a solid replacement cycle. And quite frankly, again in any scenario, I think, you're going to see us grow much faster than the market. Well, we're continuing on with that Steve in terms of what we would call beyond the box, where our services, DellWare, and all our non-tied, that all revenue grew at 40% plus on annual basis this year, and continues to have margins that are superior to the systems revenue. So we're continuing with that structure and direction. That's pretty much true around the globe as well. Services revenues hit about a little over 700 million in the quarter, 751,that's a $3 billion run rate. The services alone were up 48% year-on-year and are about 9% of total revenue. So I think we're still on a trajectory for services and beyond the box, which are margin-rich opportunities for us, as we highlighted in our analysts' meeting a month ago or two months ago, to have that business ramp and grow. It is also very tight into market share; clearly in servers we grew 36% last quarter. The market essentially didn't have any growth. Our slowest growth was desktop is 18%, and notebooks were somewhere in the middle. So, I think it is going to be very reflective of market share because we are going to continue to be growing aggressively in these other areas and certainly in some of the services, lines, and storages, things like that. But when customers cut back on spending, it tends to be across the board. I always good for one or two of those. No. In the US in the large corporate sector we already have over 40% market share. No, I think on an absolute dollar basis, you'd have to look at operating expenses coming down. We had announcedanother personnel action where we're reducing our workforce by 3000-4000 people, and that's happening during this quarter, but you'll see some of that impact coming through this quarter in terms of reduced operating expenses, so I had indicated that they'll be coming down. We're not really giving out that number as a percent of revenue, but I can assure you that it will come down as a percent of revenue and an absolute dollars this quarter. And we certainly will get the lift from the public sector that typically occurs in the third quarter. I think the question is, is there a significant demand catalyst that suggests that there will be a very strong increase in demand in the third quarter. We are not convinced at this point that there is, we think that our corporate customers are still generally delaying large deployments and large rollouts, so we think we will continue to gain share in this environment as we have, and our operating margins will be relatively stable with the prior three quarters. Based on our competitive position, it would be dangerous to assume that an overall increase in industry demand would benefit all parties equally. It was 52% for eight-ways and 50% for one through four, but I believe that's in units. I'm assuming you're talking about sequential growth off of Q4. We're not really forecasting that for Q2 now. Desktops, our number were 5% year-on-year, 12% sequential; notebooks 7% year-on-year, -3% sequential, excuse me, -12% as well; and enterprise 17% up year-on-year, -1% sequential.We have really not seen a kind of a lightening up across the board on competitiveness within any of those categories. Again, like we said before, we've seen continued aggressive behavior across all products with our competitors, Q1 and Q4 and continuing. Nor do we have any intentions of assuming the former life of all of our employees. Okay. Well, first of all, we continue to see the inherent advantages of our customer focus business model and driving consistent share gain across all products, customer segments, and geographies and this has been a difficult competitor environment, but we have used our business model to drive solid operating profitability and outstanding cash flow from operations. Our guidance has been reliable. Our share gains and profitability have been consistent and our focus on long-term shareholder value creation has been unwavering. Going forward, we believe the opportunities for Dell and our shareholders are bright. We are #1 in worldwide desktop and notebook market, #1 in the US server markets, and #2 in worldwide servers. Yet we only have 13% total worldwide systems industry share and just really a single-digit share in any of the world's fastest growing non-US markets. We are well positioned for a turn in overall demand and we are preparing the company to capture the tremendous opportunities that we see ahead. Thank you for joining us and we look forward to talking to you again. Okay, I'd just like to make a few closing remarks. First of all, I want to emphasize three important points for you totake away. First, we've gained tremendous momentum in the market over the past two quarters and our goal is to continue this momentum by bringing the best solutions to our customers at the lowest cost. Second, our current strategy is on track to deliver this goal profitably, despite the current economic downturn we have. And third, we believe there are significant catalysts on the horizon that will unable us to swiftly capitalize on the tremendous market share gains we've already made and will continue to make going forward. If you fundamentally believe infrastructure and systems spending will occur, and you understand our ability to continuously build share through our advantage business model, you will conclude our strategy is on track. When the buying cycle comes back, our share gains will deliver tremendous growth and profit opportunities for Dell and for our shareholders. Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you in the future. Well, it is not the way I had thought about it here is that we have given the revenue guidance of being perhaps flat to down 5% and I have said that I believe we will have unit growth, but if you had unit growth of say 3%, just use that for instance, if we have an ASP decline of 5%, we are going to have a negative revenue growth within that 0-5% decline. So, I am not visioning sequential double digit ASP declines, but we do get ASP declines in the single digit like that, it depends again on how much unit growth we get as to what we would have a positive revenue or a decline sequentially. We've really tried to manage to a net operating margin, and I mean we pass through our component cost reductions to our customers and have tried to keep margins relatively stable. We have used, any decline in gross margins have been largely offset by declines in our operating expenses, and again,we've talked earlier about what the competitive environment might be like, and it depends how stable it is. So I think we're planning on the net operating margins to be flat to slightly down for the quarter. We would also expect, by the way, to significantly outgrow the market again in the second quarter. [Joe Ann], can you speak up a bit, we cannot hear you at all. That's better. Thank you Jim. I'd like to spend a few minutes covering three important topics we believe are critical to your understanding of our strategy. First, I'd like to reiterate where Dell is focused. While thereare many facets to Dell's achieving success in each area, the list is short and simple. One, we're focused on winning in the higher end represented by enterprise products, services, and notebooks. These are the high growth, high profit opportunities where we must be successful in order to yield a healthy return for shareholders. We will maintain our intensity and focus here, and we fully intend to drive continued success. Two, we are focused on expanding our business outside the United States in the largest and most profitable geographic and product markets. While we have a 23% market share in 42% of the global market, we have just 6% in the other 58%, and we've only just scratched the surface of the worlds' potential. Our operating results, our record profits, and our confidence in our team in Europe, put Dell in a position to deliver similar multiple to the market growth rates, high-end product penetration, and more consistent levels of profitability. Outside Europe, we continue to make steady consistent progress in Asia and Japan and build additional capabilities, such as our relatively new operations in China, Brazil, and India. And three, we have our most intense focus on maintaining and even enhancing our structural competitive advantage. While our competitors scramble to deal with the realities of the inefficiencies of their business models, we are more focused then ever on increasing the efficiency of ours. Consider two views on gross margins and operating expenses. Our operating expenses, as a percent of sales, are already less than 60% of our major competitors. As the economy has slowed, many market watchers have complained the industry has a pricing problem. We take a different view. The industry doesn't have a pricing problem; it has an operating expense problem. While our competitors are trying to find ways to maintain gross margins,we're making the tough decisions required to lower operating expenses further. Now only time will tell which strategy is right, but in our view, unless our competitors find a way to cut more than 40% of our operating expenses, they will continue to have a serious problem. Also, consider two views of inventory velocity. For years now, we've had a hands down advantage in maintaining the lowest inventory levels in our industry. Operating cash flow, faster component cost declines, and faster time to market, are all benefits of lower inventory. Though we haven't rested on this advantage, we've improved upon it, and we've taken inventory days down sequentially in both the fourth quarter and the first quarter. Our closest competitor has roughly 10 times the level of inventory we do. This inventory disparity can easily create a 5%-10% cost advantage for Dell, and we're extremely focused on further refining our model and widening the gap. These are just a couple of examples of the focus we have on continuing to drive efficiencies of our model. The second topic I'd like to address is our view on the computer systems market and our opportunities. We believe the lack of demand currently seen in our industry is a result of multiple factors including the Y2K replacement cycle, dramatic falloff in the demand from dotcom and telecom companies, as well as a slowdown in the US economy. In spite of this, spending on computing power has been a tremendous enabler of productivity over the past decade, and catalysts for driving demand for ever-increasing power are starting to appear and becoming clear on the horizon. Pentium 4, Windows 2000 and XP, Office XP, broadband capabilities, wireless LANs and WANs, equipment replacement cycles, massive Internet and intranet build outs, contentcreation, and the storage demand this brings will continue to offer the promise of robust future spending. While we see some of these demand factors having an impact in the latter part of this year, such as Windows XP and SDRAM based Pentium 4 systems, the replacement cycle, which peaked in the second quarter of 1999, is perhaps the most meaningful. As we progress towards the second quarter of 2002, we would anticipate stronger demand for the industry. We are, however, confident that no matter what the market demand environment is we will use our model advantages to grow faster and more profitably than any other company in our space, and we will emerge a stronger company, better positioned than ever. Lastly, I'd like to address our strategy of aggressive share gain over the past two quarters. While the strategy is clear to us and has resulted in Dell increasing the percent of industry profits we represent, we realize that some of you have questions of why it makes sense for Dell in this environment. The answer is twofold. First, our opportunity to profitably consolidate share quickly has never been better. Owing to our advantage model, our competitors are not able to compete with our value proposition in the market, and we're winning customers faster than at any other time in our history. In the first quarter alone, we gained more global share than in the preceding six quarters combined. And, second, share gain is a strong [_______________] for future growth. Once we win share in the marketplace, we retain these customers by providing them with the best customer experience available in the industry. This means providing leading edge solutions that are customized to meet their specific needs, leveraging our own model to consistently offer them the best price performance proposition and backing it all up with outstanding sales, service, and support throughout the lifetime of our relationship with them. Time after time we've proven that even when we win an accountprimarily on price, we retain that account based on customer satisfaction and loyalty. They simply prefer doing business with Dell. Outside customer satisfaction ratings that consistently rate Dell at the top and the market evidence supporting customer preference for Dell is undisputable. Take a look at IDC's estimates of market share in the United States large corporate market. Over the last 5 years, Dell has gained between 22 and 24 share points in every product category. Five years ago, 1 in 10 corporate desktops sold was a Dell, now it's 1 in 3; 1 in every 20 notebooks was a Dell, now it's also 1 in 3; and 1 in 100 servers was a Dell, now it's 1 in 4. We've averaged over four points of share gain every year, and we've never lost share in any product category. The competition has not fared as well. During the same timeframe, competitors 2 through 5, combined, gained only 0.6% share. Our closest competitor, Compaq, gained only 0.3% share and ended with 21%, compared to Dell's 34% share. HP gained 1.8% share, IBM lost 0.3%, and Gateway lost 1.2% during the same 5-year period. Dell is the fastest growing computer systems company anyway you slice it, profits, revenue, or units, and we know that our share gains have provided the future fuel for our success. We intend to keep customers today, just as we've kept the 34% of the US corporate market we acquired up through the fourth quarter, by continuing to provide the best price performance, quality, and customer satisfaction advantages our customers have become accustomed to over the past17 years. Now we'd like to open it up for questions. Walter in terms of notebooks, our notebook business in units grew about 37%. It was a total of 29% of revenues in the first quarter, and we now rank number one in the US market for notebooks with close to 25% market share. . . . categories, David. Sorry.Just comment a little bit on the environment, in terms of upgrades. I think the factors that would drive upgrades historically are still in play. The issue, Steve, is that they are kind of mitigated by overall capital spending issues. So while we continue to see customers buy upgraded products due to all of the reasons you mentioned, whether it's just obsolescence, or improving overall efficiencies through new os, new systems upgrades, those are happening constantly. And that's what we're winning a lot of new business on and taking market share. But it's not really enough to kind of overall change the trajectory of this past year in a fairly modest market growth rate. And last thing, on Iraq, I don't know. We're not in any position to know any more about what's going on in Iraq than anyone else is. And we're just going to continue to manage our business as effectively and cost-efficiently as we can coming into this quarter. I think in both cases, we are providing services and developing capability and when we use them both internally. Okay. Thank you for joining us on the call today. As we enter 2003, we believe Dell is in a stronger competitive position than in any time in our history. We achieved record revenues, unit shipments, operating income dollars, and cash balance in the fourth quarter. And we had a growth premium to the market of 20 percentage points in each of the past two years. And we focused on refining our models so we could continue to win and retain new customers. For example, we added another 1,000 new Dell EMC customers in the fourth quarter alone. Companies like Deutsche Banc and Daimler Chrysler in Germany which had both purchased our Dell EMC storage solution.. Our model has advantaged in every economic cycle, and it should be evidence to you by now that it is working exceptionally well in this environment. Customers continue to choose Dell because they trust that we will deliver what they want at a great value. The Harris Corporate reputation poll, just released yesterday confirms this. Dell was ranked number 9 overall, up four places from last year, and was the only technology company in the top 10. And we are now able to offer that value on a broader array of products and services, as standardization continues to take hold. These trends will inevitably continue. More and more products will standardize. And only Dell has the cost structure required to profitably grow market share. Overall, we are focused on executing our strategys and capitalizing on the profitable growth opportunities ahead of us. And we fully expect to outperform the industry once again in FY '04. Thanks again, and we look forward to talking with you soon. But, you know, the -- the consumer business in the U.S. had 38% year over year unit growth, which I think given the market environment, pretty positive. In terms of the NAS business, we really got a couple different categories of products here. In entry NAS, we're at about one-half of a penny per megabyte. And in midrange, NAS were less than 3 cents per megabyte to less than a penny. And in the san family, the cs-600 -- or excuse me, the cx family, the Dell EMC products, ranged from 2.4 cents up to about 4.7 cents, depending on features and capability. If you weren't growing as fast as consumers, then you'd get there real fast. Maybe next question? Or is that it, Operator? We believe we can deliver great value to our customers. I mean, the small-medium market is let's say 50 to 500 employees. And the growth rate was near 30%. In terms of clusters, you know, if you want the best price performance, you know, you're buying 32 bits today. If you want the absolute best performance, then you're buying itanium. But I think the market for itanium today is quite small. We are going to be in the itanium market right about the time we think it starts to become a reasonable volume market and you'll hear from us when we think it's that time. But for right now, there's not a lot of calls, to be perfectly honest, for itanium in clusters. And, you know, we're -- so we're doing just fine in clusters and revenue and market share with 32-bit processors, which is really just -- continues to be the sweet spot. I -- I -- you know. We're -- we don't have a forecast -- I don't have a forecast. Maybe Jim does. I don't have a forecast for what -- I mean, it wouldn't surprise me if it's low single digits. But, you know, I think our objective is to grow faster than the market, and we believe we'll do that. Inventories in dollar terms were roughly flat. It's really a rounding issue. We were able to hold inventories flat as we increased revenues. It's really how the days worked out. Not a whole lot to say. We told everybody, the first part of the year, we would be introducing some Dell-branded products and that's still on track, and you'll see them when you see them. Well, you know, I think a couple of points. Our storage business -- our external storage business was $300 million in the quarter. Grew 87% year over year. So maybe they're not looking hard enough. And the managed services business is also a very exciting way for us to transition customers from effectively a product business to a long-term, you know, really annuity service. No. That's not really changing. I mean, we continue to design our products. We have, you know, roughly 3,000 people in our product group, and we're designing our products. I know that some of our competitors have outsourced the designs for their system products, but we continue to design our own products. I would say with respect to the pricing environment that we saw on the call last quarter, it's probably not as intense as it was then. And that seems to be a fairly temporary type of issue. As far as the growth this year, I don't really know. I mean, we're certainly not counting on a significant industry growth, although we expect to grow quite nicely. Well, we don't break out the profitability by customer and acquisition versus those that we're retaining and developing. It's lower in acquisition, obviously. But that's not a number that we're going to have and give out. And the second question, Joel, again? Lcd panels, we saw good acceptance of that in the quarter. And we've seen some spot shortages of those products as we came out of Q4. And for a little bit in Q4. So I think so that the supply there, while we think it's abundant, generally, has been spottily constrained at times. We expect it to kind of land us at 9.7 billion. And it came in right as we thought. Just about like we expected. We haven't seen 1% any time recently. It's been a little more than half a percent. What was the question on pricing? Well, I mean, we're not anticipating that the industry is going to, you know, really change the current trajectory So we would assume to stay as aggressive as they were last year. Well, let's see. We have not been super impressed with what we've seen there. I would still put it in the experiment phase. You know, we're finding some customers where this has a fit. But it's -- you know, was not a huge factor in our performance. One more question, please. Yeah. Exactly. I think just to put a fine point on your question, we're seeing more Unix to linux, certainly in the high end space with these clusters, but the overwhelming volume is on windows in terms of the broad movement of servers. But both of these engines are important and valuable for us. All, I think as we look to the cost structure of that business, compared to others that we understand in the industry, it occurs to us that we have a rather pronounced structural cost advantage. I think the leading indicator for a massive rebound in the industry is a significant increase in corporate profits. In terms of services, you know, we have been growing quite nicely in the enhanced services. And we have not seen, you know, a lot of barriers to our continued enterprise growth. We'll continue to evolve what we're doing, but we feel quite comfortable that our consulting engagements continue to increase very, very rapidly. We're building knowledge among our teams with high-performance clustering, with messaging solutions, with sans. You know, we've done big partnerships with Oracle and SAP. You know, you'll see probably more of that roll out this year with other more application-centered providers. So we'll continue to evolve. But we're -- our services will stay mostly at the application -- excuse me. At the infrastructure and semicustom level as opposed to a more fully customed services approach. One thing you do see though, Richard too is that I think over the past year or more we've kind of broadened the base of that consumer business so we're really at all price points. So if you actually look at our unit growth versus our revenue growth, you do see a little wider spread there than what you see in the rest of the business. So long as it's on a Dell, doesn't matter."
