"The total number of FTE's throughout the world is 118,000. So I think Ed Wolfe actually had it really pretty close, I think he said 117. Thank you very much, Jim. We're pleased to report of course that FedEx has posted solid fourth quarter financial results showing strong revenue and earnings growth for the entire fiscal 2003 as well. For the full year, revenue is up 9%, net income up 17%. For the fourth quarter, revenue is up 8%, and net income 19%. Earnings were led by a continued strong growth at FedEx Ground and international Express shipments. I think it's significant to note that yields for all of our businesses improved. Grounds revenue is up 18% over the previous year. And we're very pleased with the expanding scope, speed, information capability, and the overall service levels within our Ground network. As I think you know, we are investing about $1.8 billion over six years to double FedEx Ground's capacity to meet growth expectations. We continue to be pleased with the expansion and service levels of FedEx Ground's Home Delivery unit, which was responsible for about 40% of the total volume growth at FedEx Ground. Home Delivery was profitable for the year, with the number of shippers now at 41,000, about double what it was a year ago. While volumes at FedEx Freight declined slightly, yields improved leading to a 5% revenue increase. FedEx Freight continues to collaborate with our other FedEx op cos, most recently introducing ocean Ground distribution from Asia to virtually all of the continental United States helping our customers reduce inventory cycle time and eliminating the need for warehousing and distribution facilities. FedEx Freight also provides less than container service to and from Europe in conjunction with our FedEx trade networks and our partner in Europe [FRANS MAAS]. Customers are increasingly receptive to our information systems and account management interaction. As we continue to focus on improving every aspect of our customers' experience, insuring that FedEx in whatever form in easy to do business with, and giving our customers the personalized attention they deserve. Mike, why don't you -- This is Fred Smith here. I just want to emphasize something that Dave said earlier, this program wasn't put together overnight. It was designed over a period of a year with a lot of research, a lot of interviews, a lot of help from some folks that had helped companies manage this thing before. So we're very, very confident that the two issues that were raised there are not going to be issues. This is Fred Smith here. Let me make a comment about this because I've asked this exact same question, Ed. I think where we come out is that SARS has been sort of a neutral for us. On the one hand, there's been a reduction in underbelly lift from passenger carriers. On the other side of the coin, there have been a number of our customers who have had plant closings and other reactions on the ground from SARS. So our management team has reported consistently to me and I'll let him amplify on it if he wants, and Dave Bronczek here in a second, that it's been overall pretty much a neutral. Secondarily on the charter side of the house, the reason that we engage in the charter business is not because it's a very big business, is it's a very good way for us to productively have the necessary spare aircraft that we need, and have some contingency aircraft out there. So we don't look at it as a big business off and by itself, and as Alan said, the numbers are small. Dave, you want to --Now, Ed, this is Fred Smith. When you talk about profit sharing are you talking about all incentive compensation or are you talking about specifically the profit sharing plan? That's the reason I asked the question. The numbers that we have do have accruals for incentive compensation, and I think that the terminology has created a little bit of confusion. Up until a couple years ago when the economy melted down, we had a very modest profit-sharing program which resulted in a small cash distribution to people in mid year. That was not the incentive compensation that goes to the professional and management rank. And we made a conscious decision to put more money into other programs. For instance, we increase the rapidity with which our hourly merit employees can achieve higher compensation. We stressed the 401K match, and we do have incentive compensation for our professional and management in the numbers that we had. So we did not have in recent years an enormous profit-sharing plan which was a big part of the compensation. And I think there's been some misunderstanding about that. No. What I'm saying is you're talking about apples and oranges here. The profit-sharing plan was one thing. The annual incentive compensation plans which all of the companies is something else, and the profit-sharing program was a relatively modest program, and we have not paid the profit sharing plan we replaced it with other compensation programs. We do have annual incentive compensation accruals in the numbers that we've given you in the outlook that we've given you. Thank you, Jim. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the call. We believe FedEx continues to deliver on the strategy which we laid out for you a couple years ago and produced solid financial results. We're executing our portfolio strategy very well in this economic environment. Our three core operating companies saw solid revenue growth and we're particularly pleased with FedEx Ground's strong performance. FedEx Freight also posted solid results in the volume growth trend and FedEx International Priority is particularly encouraging for our Express company. The demand for FedEx home delivery, a part of FedEx Ground, continues to be strong, and we are enormously proud that it became profitable this quarter, well ahead of schedule. We saw impressive growth in our ground business with an operating margin of almost 16%. It demonstrates the improved service levels and country-wide reach of this business. Strong growth trends in international priority service were marked particularly by strong growth of exports from Asia. We enjoy incremental revenue from the U.S. Postal Service transportation contract. FedEx Freight posted very solid numbers and expanded its reach to and from Europe with a less than container load cease service. We produced strong free cash flow, $262 million dollars, which compares to $149 million over the same six-month period last year. We believe customers are increasingly receptive to our broad set of solutions and our industry-leading service. We're quite proud that FedEx swept all three categories, air, ground, and international in the package delivery segment in the recent customer survey conducted by J.D. Power and Associates. Customer service has always been the hallmark of this company and the more than 200,000 employees, associates and contractors throughout the FedEx networks earn that recognition every day. We're very proud of them, and I assure you that this honor will further fuel our passion to work even harder for our customers. And we're continually looking for ways to improve how we serve our customers by operating an unparalleled global network at FedEx Express, by providing an unrivaled convenience and accessibility capability, and constantly refining our leading-edge information and technology to remain the best in the industry. I believe our solid performance is a testament to the strong management teams throughout our company. Our Presidents and C.E.O.s are doing a tremendous job in pursuing revenue and growth opportunities while maintaining control of discretionary and capital expenses. Moving forward, we intend to capitalize on several growth opportunities. We are saying, of course, strong growth [inaudible] both in ground both the business to business and business to consumer segments with our FedEx home delivery service. We intend to continue our international expansion, especially in Asia where we were recently awarded six interim daily flight frequencies in Hong Kong, bringing our total in that market to 11. This will allow FedEx Express to carry local traffic on key flights within the fast-growing Asia-Pacific region and it will strengthen our competitive stance and do so at minimal startup costs. We'll continue to enjoy growth in our Freight business, and we see ongoing demand for supply chain efficiencies and fast cycle distribution methods around the world, fueling the need for FedEx services. This is Fred Smith speaking. One of the things that I have emphasized in the last couple of analysts meetings, I want to emphasize it again today. What's happening in the international marketplace is not totally dissimilar to what happened in the domestic marketplace 20 years ago. What you have because of the availability of networks like we operate, that can allow shippers to ship small lots in 24-48 hours on an as-needed basis. The traditional air freight market is in essence devolving into a smaller shipment, more just-in-time type of environment. So you have the overall growth issues that drive volume, plus the factor that I just mentioned, and I think also, the fact that we have an unduplicated system and great information services that is go along with it, and very good people out there selling our services. So we're very optimistic long-term that we can continue to grow at very good rates in the international business. And as Alan mentioned, that has a very salutatory effect on FedEx Express as a result. This is Fred Smith here. Let me just, again, try to focus a bit more on the strategic rather than parsing quarter to quarter which is difficult at best for us. I can't imagine how you folks do it. The company's management is very confident that we can improve FedEx Express's margins over the long-term because we have a changing customer mix, a changing traffic mix -- by that I mean we'll get more heavier brown box shipments. We will manage yields appropriately and we will continue to grow our international franchise which Alan mentioned has a significant incremental contribution to the bottom line of Express. So those of you who focus on the Express side, just like we laid the thing out what we were going to do on the Ground side, I'm telling you right now we are very confident we can improve the margins in Express for the reasons I just mentioned to you. Now that assumes that the economic assumptions that Mike read off to you a moment ago are correct, which is what we put in the press release.This is Fred Smith. I'm going to make one comment and then I'm going to turn it over to Dave. FedEx Express has an enormous growth opportunity, and it is in the international sector. I've said that, Alan's said that, and Dave Bronczek has said that. There is no other major restructuring required, in our opinion, to achieve our margin given the significant growth in the international sector and the incremental profitability of that traffic. Having said that, all of our management teams, which are all outstanding and I include in that the fabulous people that we got at Kinko's as well, are focused on doing things that affect the margin on the cost side of the business, and in that regard I'll just turn it over to Dave. Dan, would you tell them how many lanes that you improved by a day in fiscal '04, for example? Well, this is Fred Smith speaking. To date we have not seen any significant issues in that regard. If that market goes in that direction we do have FedEx trade networks which forms an outstanding base to be able to offer those types of products. I should mention in reply to also the question before about the synergies between Freight and our other operating company. In addition to our Freight sales force being trained to excel express freight we're also going to train them to sell LCL business. So the ability to offer the kind of services that you're talking about is not rocket science and the footprint to do so is well within our capabilities. I might ask Dave Bronczek to comment. Thank you, Jim. Ladies and gentlemen, we're extremely pleased to report an earnings per share growth of 17% from 52 cents to 61 cents, excluding the business realignment costs at FedEx Express and a one-time benefit from a favorable tax ruling as Jim mentioned. We significantly improved our cash flow, our return on invested capital, and our operating margins and absent the special items I just mentioned, we're doing exactly what we said we would do to improve long-term shareholder value. These solid results flow from our continued success and cross-selling FedEx customer solutions to those existing and new customers, and I think we're starting to see momentum. We're equally pleased with our management team's ability to contain and reduce costs while maintaining industry-leading service levels. We're continuing to adjust the express domestic network in line with expected volume levels. Earnings were led by continued growth in FedEx Express international shipments, particularly in Asia as we leverage our leading position in the fastest growing markets. Significantly, FedEx was awarded 13 additional frequencies in and out of Hong Kong and today FedEx Express has more flights in and out of Hong Kong than any U.S. carrier. In September, FedEx Express launched its first direct flight from Shen Zchen* to our hub in Anchorage, Alaska providing customers across rapidly expanding southern China with next-day delivery to virtually any address in North America. Next month our customers will enjoy more extensive service between Asia and Europe with six additional flights between Hong Kong and our European hub at CDG airport in Paris. Yields improved at FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight and operating profit margins at all three major operating companies were up from the previous year before the business realignment cost at FedEx Express. While average daily volumes at Ground were slightly ahead of last year, we expect stronger growth in the remaining quarters, particularly as shipping demand in the retail and manufacturing sectors begin to pick up in the second half of our fiscal year. We believe we're a successfully harnessing the unique power of our portfolio. FedEx Freight in particular continues to contribute as the market leader and the regional LTL industry, and a real competitive differentiator for FedEx. FedEx Freight provides a vital component of comprehensive supply chain solutions that we bring to the market. Recently FedEx Freight introduced a money-back guarantee on LTL shipments bringing FedEx Freight offering in line with the money-back guarantees already offered by FedEx Express and FedEx Ground. Good morning. Mike, you want to start with that? Yes. Well, I'll ask Doug Duncan to comment more on this in a moment, but one example is a project which we initiated over a year ago to cross-train our Freight sales force, which numbers in excess of 600 people, to be able to offer our express freight product as well as the LTL product. And we have had very good success with that and the two quarters now that that program has been rolled out, and I'll ask Doug to comment a little more on it. I think we'll cut it off there. And if anybody else has any other questions they want to follow-up on, give myself or my team a call and we'll handle it later in the day. I'd like to thank all of my colleagues here for their participation and I'd like to thank all of you for being on the call and asking some terrific questions. Thank you very much. Okay, Holly. Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate your participation today. I want to thank my colleagues for being with us and participating. And we hope you have a chance to really analyze the results. And if any follow-on questions you have, please give us a call at our IR numbers. Again, thank you very much, and have a great day. Well, I think FedEx of all of the companies that you can think of is poised to take advantage of the trends you just mentioned. We have a very, very strong franchise in China, we're limited in the number of frequencies that we can fly. We would love to see the number of flights that we can operate expanded and we are working hard with both the U.S. and the government of China to try to accomplish that end. It's in the best interest of both parties. Secondarily, I believe one of the things that you'll see in the next few years is a significant increase in the demand in China for U.S. goods going back. As China develops more of a middle class and more purchasing power, many of the higher value added products that we make will find a home there. And it's interesting to note that China to Europe trade is much more balanced than it is in the United States. So we get it both ways. We carry stuff west as well as east, and as Dave mentioned, as we saw for the first time in a long time, U.S. exports actually on the positive side last quarter. So that's going to be terrific. Then in the case of Ground and Freight, there too, we have a lot of opportunity in the international sector, because as our FedEx trade networks moves items in by sea, or companies move items in by sea on their own, both Ground and Freight are wonderful networks to [inaudible] added products to their destination. So we're very bullish on China and what it means for FedEx. And I think, contrary to the current sort of controversy on it, I think longer term it's going to be very good for the U.S. as well. Hi, Helane. Maria? Gary Kusin. I'll ask Dave Bronczek to speak to that specifically. Well, as I said in the remarks, we've been in China a long time, and we have a great management team in China, and we have significant expansion plans for the country representing its fantastic growth and its unique position as one of the world's great manufacturing centers. So as we are able to obtain these authorities, and of course, I think there will be adequate authorities out there to do what we would like to do. If not, we will contest them, and think we'll make good cases, but we have lots of very detailed plans. Well, from a 100,000 foot level, I closed my opening remarks about momentum, and we are maintaining our momentum. And I'll just go around the table. I think it's a good question. We'll start with Dave. Morning, Gary. Well , regarding your first question relative to Airborne, just from viewing it from our perspective, I think, do think there's probably some confusion in the marketplace. Having said that, we've seen no material change in terms of customer behavior relative to inquiries or things of that nature but there has been some confusion at least in terms of what we've seen but no impact on our strategy whatsoever. This is Fred Smith. Let me just amplify something that Dave said. Things tend to be put into more simplified form sometimes when the press is writing about them than is actually the case. In Europe we have three hubs. We have very big hub at Charles de Gaulle in France, we have a very substantial operation in Sansted and we have a very substantial operation in Frankfurt. So, it's really one of emphasis. In the Pacific, we have a very big hub in Japan -- a huge operation there, which we got when we acquired Flying Tigers many years ago and have built upon. We built the hub in the Philippines at Subic Bay. It's a great hub. The only problem is, the runway's too short. And they have exhumed Clark from the volcanic ash, so we may have to move over there, just because of aircraft performance. So, similar to Europe, before it's over with I am sure that we are going to have some sort of hub operation in China. But at that point, then, similar to Europe, it's just a matter of emphasis -- how many flights are routed through China, how many through the Philippines, how many through Japan, similar to the decisions that we make in how we route things through our three European hubs. So I hope that clarifies it, because it's not an either/or situation at all. Thank you, Jim. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Happy St. Patrick's day. Have you seen from the press release earlier this morning, FedEx posted outstanding revenue and earnings growth in the third fiscal quarter driven by strengthening worldwide economy, improved operating margin at FedEx Express stemming from its international business and savings from its business realignment programs and the successful execution of our business strategy. FedEx Express International continues to be a strong growth engine. Revenue and package volume growth in Asia, in particular, is outstanding. We also see evidence of positive trends in Japan and, to a lesser degree Europe, in real output growth and overall consumer and business sentiment as well as continued rapid expansion in the emerging markets, particularly China. FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight segments both performed well and we will keep investing in those high-growth networks. Expectations for growth at FedEx Ground remain bright, particularly as the retail and manufacturing segments pick up. We're aggressively targeting growth opportunities and FedEx home delivery continues to perform exceptionally well. FedEx Freight, already the leading provider of regional LTL service, is improving its results with historically high service levels. Doug Duncan. Dan Sullivan. Just one more example of how well the Express management team is finding ways to reduce their costs and improve their service. Well, we are committed to that goal as we publicly stated before, and secondarily we think we're on track to doing so, and third, the real story at FedEx Express, of course, is our unparallel inter-continental network and the growth in both volume and revenue year-over-year. This is just a huge marketplace and the incremental contributions for each additional IP shipment are very, very substantial and over time international will become a bigger and bigger part of FedEx Express operating results, tempered only by, of course, our investments in the network which are incremental at this point in that the basic network is already in place. So we're very confident that over time and we don't see any bumps in the road, we just think it's execution and continued exploitation of the endeavors we've already got underway and I'll ask Alan to comment a bit more on it. They're tougher than that. Thank you very much, Jim. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'd like to start by saying simply that we believe fiscal year 2004 was an exciting year for FedEx. It was also a year of change. In February, 2004 the FedEx family welcomed a new member with the acquisition of FedEx Kinko's, opening new doors for customers to access FedEx services and adding an exciting new business line in the business services area to our corporation. We moved quickly to capitalize on this opportunity and last month made FedEx Express and FedEx Ground services available at all 1,100 FedEx Kinko's locations in the United States and we introduced an exciting new branding scheme for FedEx Kinko's. We also realigned our operations and resources at FedEx Express to better meet changing market dynamics and as a result we've created a more competitive and cost efficient express network. This process was handled in a compassionate, highly effective manner and is already paying significant dividends. It's also been a year of sustained and profitable growth for FedEx. We exceeded expectations in regard to earnings and last month declared a 16% increase in the quarterly cash dividend to 7 cents per share on FedEx Corporation common stock. I'd like to extend my personal thanks to our entire management team and the more than 240,000 men and women of FedEx whose unwaivering dedication and whatever-it-takes attitude helped us to deliver solid results for our share owners for the past quarter and throughout FY '04. FedEx is growing profitably across our Express, Ground, and Freight segments. We're proving the value of our business strategy, operate independently, compete collectively and manage collaboratively. We expect the newest member of our team, FedEx Kinko's, will share the same experience. In this past quarter, our earnings were driven by a strong demand for domestic and international services, a solid broad-based economic recovery and successful execution of cross-selling our portfolio to large and small customers. Total average daily package volume at FedEx Express and FedEx Ground grew a combined 7% year-over-year for the quarter where we saw a return to growth in U.S. domestic shipments and continued strong growth in International Express shipments led by double-digit improvements in both FedEx International Priority revenue and average daily package volume. Our unrivaled global network makes us the market leader in key locations around the world especially in growth markets like China where we grew greater than 50% in volume year-over-year for the year. The bulk of the rebranding in the United States, and for that matter North America, will be done in FY '05. We still have some international work to do, which may filter into FY '06. But the bulk of it will be done in FY '05. Well, I think it's some of all of the above. We obviously are now in the second fiscal quarter and we're seeing the traffic levels. Number two, we have, I think, one of the best economists in the economic forecasting units in corporate America, and they're confident. Gene Wang in his outlook that we're seeing pick up to some degree. And then third, we are hearing from some customers that they're beginning to see stronger demand. I think a very big element in this, going back to Jim Valentine's question, was the point that Mike Glenn made about inventory to sales ratios. We saw in the first quarter there, particularly in Ground and Freight as well, a real pause there. I think it was sort of the echo of the Iraqi war to be quite frank with you when a lot of orders were stopped. But I do think based on what we've seen, that that's begun to turn around a bit. We'll see here this quarter. But that's why we said what we did. Doug Duncan will take that one."
