"Anne has four horses she has to care for but other than that, she works all night. I will give you the shorthand and then ask Betsy Moler to chip in. In essence, DOJ has taken a great deal of time to look at this and to engage consultants to look at it with them, because they consider this both one of the largest utility mergers they've seen and also one in which there is more proximity between the merging companies and more dependence on the regional transmission authority. Beyond that, we simply do not know what they may be likely to ask. At the same time, in New Jersey the hearings are now focused on testimony from the PJM market monitor, Dr. Bowring about whether the general packages of divestitures that we've proposed with the virtual divestiture on the nuclear side are adequate and what alternatives might also be adequate. I think this is, in my judgment, less an issue about whether, but simply what we've put in is enough to assure people that PJM will be a fully efficient market in all of the affected regions. Betsy, what do you want to add to that? Yes, Zach. Welcome. I don't think so. The way the Illinois statute works, that goodwill is part of our equity for doing the earnings cap calculation through 2006, but we're not allowed to establish rates thereafter based on earning on the goodwill. And, therefore, I don't see this having any new cash flow impact at all -- John Young or Bob McDonald, the ComEd CFO, might want to add to that comment -- but I think the real answer to your question is a deal was made way back in '97. That deal said that Generation would go to market. The ICC affirmed that yesterday, but the corollary of that is that ComEd has no way to earn on that goodwill. So I think these are just two sides of the same deal and it was a fair deal. Good morning. Good morning, Steve. Morning, Paul. Maybe a little of it, not all of it. We -- as you look at the way PSEG and PSE&G are organized, they also have some of those ring fenced characterizations in place. I think we would continue to keep active boards in the retail subsidiaries. I think we would continue to try to have financial structures that can stand on their own, because all of these affiliate relationships get revisited from time to time and we want to make certain that we have retail companies that can clearly comply with the requirements of the various states. No. John Young's going to pick up on this because he can do it much better than I can, Hugh, but that was a quarter event. If you look at it over the year, I think the number was either plus or minus one penny. So in terms of the consequence of a year, this is not the 11 or 12 cent-- the item it looks like here. But, John, do you want to pick up? I'll do my best and then I'm going to ask John or Jack Skolds to chip in. But on the first case, I think a settlement is at least possible, and perhaps even probable, with some parties. Because Illinois law is very clear that partial settlements still have been (remove the word been) to be fully reviewed by the commission -- and I can't imagine that we would have a settlement with every objecting party -- I think the commission will still have to make a full ruling in Illinois. But as I indicated earlier, we promised we'd propose a phase-in proceeding; we'll propose it. If somebody will come talk to us we'll be delighted to include that in the settlement, because we think it would make life better for our customers and can basically take care of our shareholders very well at the same time. But that requires somebody else to dance, and the teenage boy is tired of asking; one of the girls is going to have to signal a little willingness now, too. And as to the demand destruction, my colleagues are all frowning at me. I remember how awkward teenage boys are and I haven't really gotten over it. I'm sure the answer to that is yes, but I know the question is more illuminating than the answer. Basically, we intend to fully comply with the ICC decision. Just in order to protect our record, we may seek reconsideration or appeal from some of it, but the real answer is they give the order; we salute, we march. Certainly that's true on renewables and energy efficiency, which is something we were working on before bad things happened last August anyway. Anne (add an e to Ann), do you have anything you'd like to add on how to answer Daniele's question? I'm very good this morning, of course. I know that you're correct, but I want Anne to answer it because you and she are further into reading the order than I am. That's a post-page 19 question, so we'll have to defer that to Chris Crane. Chris? Barry, do you want to pick that up? This is Barry Mitchell commenting. Well, let's take those in pieces, because there are a lot of parts to that question. The short answer is yes for people who like short answers. The first step is why didn't the commission get more into this issue. We see the procurement case as simply affirming the proposition that ComEd does not have power, that it has to get power, and the right place to get it is the competitive market, and an auction is the most cheap way for customers to have ComEd get that power. That becomes a cost of ComEd to recover, like other costs. And the next principle I want to establish is the ICC decision affirms by its result what the ALJ said explicitly, and that is that Exelon is Generation a market competitor like other market competitors, and Exelon Generation will expect ComEd to pay it just like Midwest generation will expect to to pay it, and so will other suppliers in Illinois. Exelon Generation will be expected -- will expect to be paid, currently and in whole. Now, ComEd promised during all of these proceedings over the last six months that it would adopt a cap and deferral system to feather the impacts of the rate increases that are caused not by the auction, but by the rising price of power across the nation and the region, for our residential customers. And just the fact because ComEd won big yesterday doesn't mean ComEd will waver from the promise. ComEd is willing to sit down and negotiate fair ways of doing that with any interested party at any time, but ComEd will continue to maintain the principle that it's entitled to earn on any deferrals. And when you look at ComEd's balance sheet, you can see that if it's going to defer a substantial amount of money, it needs to be able to earn on those deferrals. So ComEd's position remains very clear. It will keep its promises to its customers, and the overall Exelon position remains that we want to work this out in a way that makes the largest number of stakeholders happy, but Exelon Generation is an independent competitor, just like all other generating companies, and has the same rights that its competitors do. I think that depends on the length of the deferral and the recovery period. Some sort of securitization procedure would be the cheapest for customers, but as you said, it does probably require legislation. I think it's our position that we can do a short-term deferral mechanism, like three years or something like that, without legislation, and in that kind of a context we would probably accept a clear ICC decision. We do not believe that legislation is essential to make all of this work. We believe the commission has full authority to do what it's done, and we think it's in both customers' and shareholders' interest that we continue to present proposals that can be done within the existing law. First, thank you all for being here. Second, we are obviously very, very pleased by both the operating results for the year and with the commission's decision yesterday, which is a major affirmation that the Illinois law means what it says. I would reiterate what I said earlier I think they will now do what the district court said and appeal the ICC decision itself. Maybe they like every forum imaginable, but their route is much more straight forward appealing the ICC decision, than it is appealing the circuit court's denial of their request for a predecision injunction. Good morning, Hugh. Thank you, John. Good morning, everybody. As the press release states, we are all pleased with our strong 2005 operating performance. Our operating earnings per share increased, as John said, by 16% for the fourth quarter, and by more than 11% for the full year. I just want to quickly review some of the performance highlights. First, in the nuclear area, [Chris Crane] and his nuclear fleet achieved a capacity factor of 93.5% for the full year, with a production cost of $13.03 per megawatt hour, which is top quartile in the nation. This is another year of Exelon performance, and for those of you who may have questioned a year and a half ago whether we had the team to fill in behind [Oliver], Chris and his group have shown that they can do it very well, indeed. Refueling outage duration averaged 24 days, an improvement of one day over 2004. Our LaSalle generation station Unit 1 broke the world record for longest continuous run among all light water reactors last week, breaking the previous record set in September 2005 by [Peach Bottom Three], another nuclear operating unit. Our TMI unit broke its own world record for continuous operation of a pressurized water reactor. Chris and his team of nuclear operators have made noteworthy improvements under the nuclear operating services agreement at Salem and Hoke Creek. The combined site achieved net generation of more than 26-million megawatt hours, the highest it has ever achieved. In our fossil area, Mark Schiavoni and his team have done a great job this year. They run our hydro and fossil plants, and they achieved a commercial available -- remember these units don't run all the time -- of 95.7% across the fleet for the year. Their value increased substantially under more favorable market conditions. Our power marketing group, Power Team, lead by Ian McLean, effectively managed our portfolio of assets to capitalize on market prices while delivering on its commitment to our various wholesale customers. Ian and his team continue to demonstrate operational and commercial excellence in terms of managing our huge portfolio. In Energy Delivery, lead by Jack Skolds, Denis O'Brien, Frank Clark, our delivery service customers experienced fewer outages than prior year, despite the stress placed on the delivery system by high summer heat and correspondingly high loads. For our deliver business as a whole, both the frequency and duration of outages decreased from the prior year. In ComEd's territory cooling degree days were 90% higher than 2004 and 40% above normal. ComEd's customers experienced 35% fewer outages; on average, the outages they did experienced were 13% shorter in duration. In the PECO territory, cooling degree days were 21% higher than 2004 and 25% above normal. Outages experienced by PECO customers were on average 7% shorter in duration; unfortunately, they occurred at a slightly higher frequency. We are continuing to make improvements in this area. While we are very proud of our 2005 progress, we continue to face a plateful of challenges. We must continue to work with all Illinois stakeholders to assure reliable and affordable service in Illinois. We must provide New Jersey regulators with the assurances they need to approve the merger with PSE&G. We must continue to make both government and our customers happy in Pennsylvania, and all in all, we must keep working to improve the performance of the system to live up to our commitment to keep the lights on. Now, I want to turn to the real news, that which most interested in, which is the recent ruling in Illinois. As you may recall, ComEd made two filings in 2005 with the Illinois Commerce Commission. In February, ComEd filed its procurement proposal with the ICC. A reverse auction competitive bidding process, by which ComEd could procure energy for its customers beginning in January 2007, with cost recovery from those customers. In August, ComEd filed a distribution rate case to recover, among other things, the $3 billion ComEd has invested in infrastructure improvements. Yesterday, the ICC ruled on the procurement filings. After six months of workshops on procurement in 2004 involving all stakeholders, and after an 11-month review of the New Jersey style auctions proposed by both ComEd and [Ameron], declining clock auction proposals, the ICC issued a 5-0 vote yesterday approving statewide auctions to buy power for Illinois customers. This is a key milestone in Illinois' transformation of the electricity industry. The ICC reached its -- released its order last night. It contains a number of conditions. Given the timing, we know most of the brought terms of the decision but have not yet able to review all of the details. On the whole, we are very gratified by yesterday's ICC decision. We believe, and they have made clear, that they believe, both in the decision and in the comments they made in public at making the decision, that competitive procurement and a declining clock auction are the best way to assure that reliable and competitively priced power are available to all Illinois consumers. The auction chosen maximizes competition between qualifying and competing suppliers using successive rounds of bidding designed to drive the price of electricity down. An independent, ICC-approved auction manager will administer the auction with oversight by the ICC staff. The provisions prevent any one supplier from winning more than 35% of the ComEd load in the auction, and and the contracts offered are staggered, three-year contracts. We also understand that the order will include a process to promote renewable energy and energy efficiency. We support those principles and expect to work actively with the commission staff and with other parties to develop these proposals. An additional condition calls for a post-auction prudency review process, which we believe could have a detrimental effect on suppliers conference in the auction and lead to higher prices. Of course, we do not agree with everything in the commission order, but it does deliver a workable framework for us, for Ameron, for all competitive wholesale suppliers, and ultimately for our consumers, to have reliable energy that's disciplined by competition. In today's environment of rising energy prices, even with a competitive auction, as the commission pointed out, electricity rates will increase in 2007. ComEd remains committed to working with Illinois stakeholders to develop a plan that will ease the impacts of transitioning to market prices for its residential customers. The ICC staff, ICC administrative law judges in both the ComEd and Ameron proceedings, and a large number of interested parties supported the competitive procurement proposal. However, the opposition of others created a great deal of uncertainty for ComEd. The concerns that we raised last fall about ComEd's uncertain financial future are reduced by the ICC's decision on January 24th. In our view, the continuing regulatory challenges ComEd now faces are similar than those -- to those than any other utility, and in that sense, things should be getting back to normal for ComEd. In other words, all utilities are dependent upon fair and principled regulations to provide decent service and fair returns. ComEd is no different, and we see the decision yesterday is an affirmation that the Illinois Commission remains a principled body. Turning to the ComEd distribution rate case, we expect a final ICC decision this summer. Since 2001, ComEd has spent $3 billion to maintain, upgrade, and expand its delivery system. These investments have enabled ComEd to meet the needs of a growing customer base while providing higher levels of reliability, as I discussed earlier. Like all other utilities and most other enterprises, ComEd's cost for wages, healthcare, insurance, security, and other aspects of its business, have risen. ComEd's investment and increased costs not reflected in its current rate, however, due to the rate freeze which has existed since the end of 1997. We need to recover these costs to continue to provide good service to our customers. On December 23rd, a number of parties, including the ICC staff, filed challenges to our proposed capital structure, return on equity, revenue requirement, and overall rate of return. ComEd has until the end of the month to respond to these challenges. After a hearing scheduled in March, two ALJ's will make an initial decision as to what a just and reasonable rate should be. We expect a final ICC decision in late July. Turning briefly to the merger with PSEG, we have made substantial progress. As you know, in June we received FERC approval. In September we announced that PECO reached a settlement in Pennsylvania, subject to final commission approval, with many of the major parties in the proceedings. The ALJ in Pennsylvania recommended approval of the merger in December. We expect the PUC to vote on the case this Friday. In New Jersey, the merger review hearings began earlier this month and have been extended and are now expected to end at the end of February. Settlement discussions are expected to resume after the hearings conclude. While a settlement could resolve the case sooner, the scheduled date for an initial ALJ decision and the final order from the BPU are expected to be extended. No firm dates have been set yet. Our other remaining regulatory approvals include the U.S. Department of Justice. We expect that we will be able to complete all of the regulatory reviews and hope to close the merger late in the second quarter of this year. By the middle of February, we will have completed -- and Randy Mehrberg has lead this effort -- substantially all of our merger integration planning work and will be ready to close the deal [inaudible--audio interference] -- regulatory approvals. We are eager to finish the regulatory process with both DOJ and in New Jersey. We remain excited by the opportunity this merger holds. We've had substantial support for it from all of you, our investors, and we believe this combination gives us a real chance to create the industry leader in Generation, electric and gas delivery, customer service, and, of course, shareholder value. Finally, I want to underscore the importance of keeping the lights on and continuously improving our operations, even as we confront issues in Illinois and New Jersey. When we announced the merger last year, I assured you we had the depth and talent to do both. Our 2005 results confirm that faith Even as we've dealt with an exhaustive regulatory process for the merger and a very taxing regulatory and political challenges of Illinois, we have maintained our edge in nuclear performance, improved our process generation performance, and improved the performance of our delivery companies. Our safety record, particularly at PECO, is setting the industry standard. We are very, very proud of what we have accomplished in 2005 and so far in the month of January, and we're now prepared to take your questions. I want Betsy to answer all of that. I think you know my views on the general answer, but let Betsy start from back to front. It's amazing how helpful it is to have someone other than the CEO to answer a question, isn't it? We have had negotiations at various times over the last three, four months. We assume, in the wake of the ICC decision, other people will get more interested in negotiating with us on the basis of the law and the economics and the ICC decision. If they are, we'll go meet anyone, anywhere, anytime. If they continue to take the position that the law doesn't mean what it said, negotiations won't go very far. I can't confirm or deny any comments about a specific plant, Steve. And just let me say that we believe there are lots of different ways to address the concerns that are being raised in New Jersey. We intend to be very flexible about doing it. Just remember, operating nuclear plants is a big part of our business. But we just can't address any specific plant until we have a regulatory situation worked out and until we can deal squarely with employees at whatever plant that may be affected. Right now, it's a lot bigger concern on the fossil plants, where we've said 4,000 megawatts will go, than it is on a nuclear plant. The structure of what potential? Wait a minute. This is John Rowe. Just between John and Mike, you first got to pick up the point John Young made about how much of that load Exelon Generation can supply. It's limited to 35%, so the rest of what ExGen sells would be into the wholesale market. And you can decide for yourself whether that makes a difference. You also have to take into account, to some extent, the difference between the price per base load power and the price for the full load following product. I just want to make certain that John and Mike are picking that up in their answer to you. Well, you read the same newspapers I did. I don't expect them to give up, but I do hope that they recognize that they've now lost before the commission; they've lost at FERC; they've lost in every objective form that exists. And they'll try to say, okay, let's find a way to negotiate and make certain that we protect the interest we care most about. But I would like to think that they will now do this within the framework of the law as it exists. This is -- yesterday's result is a huge victory for both the fair implementation of the statute, the implementation of the market, and for ComEd's financial position as it tries to do its job for customers. But I've been quoting Winston Churchill's comment about El Alamein all of my life Thank you. Good morning, Josh. Thank you very much. Good morning, Kit. That was Matt Hilzinger, [remove brackets from Matt Hilzinger's name] Exelon's Controller. Thank you. I think we're almost out of time. And, Mike, if it makes sense, I'd just like to make a couple of wrap-up comments. Good morning, David. Well, yes. I don't think there's any particularly useful way to comment on whether we were surprised. We obviously hoped for this result. We think that all of the commissioners showed great courage in sticking to a record that's been developed for over 11 months and not responding to outside pressures. We particularly thank the new Chairman, who was in an awkward position, showed infinite courage in that regard, and one should never be surprised when humans live up to their obligations, but one should always be deeply grateful. As to the delivery rate case, the staff recommended what we think is a kind of draconian result. One of my people suggested that this might be the staff's idea of a rate increase mitigation proposal. I suspect there's some room to negotiate with the staff. I suspect that the amount of the delivery rate increase that we've requested that we get will, to some extent, be affected by our success or lack thereof in finding somebody to negotiate with on the rate phase-in. The staff, itself, has taken a highly principled set of positions over the past few years; sometimes, like on goodwill, where it's caused us some pain and suffering; sometimes like on procurement where we've been delighted to have them as an ally. Your colleagues will allow you one more question, because of your age, not because of [inaudible]. I think the key docket is the delivery rate case, because I think that's where, most likely, the implementation of all of this would be established. My brains Pramaggiore and Bradford are nodding, so I must have stumbled into that right. I'll dump this on Mr. Young. When you get past the first five pages it requires the CFO, you know. Go ahead, Paul. I know that's not an answer, but it's all I can do. There's always some legal uncertainty; when you find me a certain lawyer, I assume he'll be in a museum.Good morning, Steve. Hi, Zig. I think that's right, Steve. I don't have that right in front of me. Can someone else? Thank you, Ruth Ann. Good morning, everyone. In June, when I met with many of you in New York, I described the current Exelon vision statement and strategic plan, and described our efforts to become the best and most consistently profitable electric and gas company in the United States. I indicated then, and I indicate again and again with our senior officers, that the key parts of reaching that goal are to live up to our commitments to investors, to customers and to the public, and also to perform at world-class levels. Our results through the third quarter of this year reflect continued improvement in our effort to perform at such a level. World-class performance means executing on fundamentals throughout our business. The third-quarter results reflect such execution. While weather helped our earnings, much of our growth was due to hard work and execution. Our Cost Management Initiative, led by Oliver Kingsley, provided the structure for us to grow our earnings in spite of lower wholesale power prices. In the third quarter, operating and maintenance expense was up slightly because of the addition of the Texas generation unit. Absent that addition, expenses would have been down as cost-management efforts offset inflationary pressures, including higher benefit expenses. Year-to-date -- (inaudible) -- expense is down about $41 million. Interest expense was down for the quarter and for the 9-month year-to-date. Barry Mitchell has been capitalizing on low interest rates by refinancing debt and running our cash management operations to produce savings for investors. In both the third-quarter and year-to-date results our tax planning has captured significant savings as well. Our Nuclear Division, under the leadership of Jack [Scoles], has achieved a 92.1 percent capacity factor so far this year, while completing seven nuclear refueling outages. Under Pam Strobel's leadership, energy delivery has achieved 12 percent earnings growth in the first 9 months of the year, with improved reliability, improved safety and improved customer satisfaction. Pam, Ken Lawrence and Frank Clark are simply doing a great job as delivery carries a larger than expected share of our earnings in this environment. On October 2, 2002, Exelon Generation notified Midwest Generation of the exercise of its termination options under the existing [Collins and Peaking] Unit Purchase Power Agreements. Exelon Generation released 1,727 megawatts of capacity, and will retain the output of 1,778 megawatts of [Collins and Peaking] Unit capacity in 2003. As you may already have in your notes, on July 1, Exelon exercised its call option on 1,265 megawatts of coal capacity. For the contract year of 2003, Exelon has contracted for 4,739 megawatts of capacity from Midwest, which includes 1,696 megawatts of non-option coal capacity. By exercising the Midwest contract options and restructuring the 2003 supply portfolio, the expected capacity charged savings in 2003, as compared with 2002, are approximately $130 million. And for those of you who have been trying to compare those savings to what they otherwise might have been in 2003, you would have a somewhat different number. I have made this number '03 compared to '02. Our work on the Midwest Generation supply was a team effort by our senior management, including Oliver Kingsley at Generation, Ian McLean at Power Team, Pam Strobel at Energy Delivery, and Bob McDonald, our Chief Risk Officer. One of the things we are working absolutely hardest on is getting our big players to play together, and the savings we get in this case are one example of that effect. We believe we create value by living up to our commitments. As I look around the turmoil that is afflicting our industry, there are many economic reasons. But I think one of the reasons is that some companies have forgotten the fundamental importance of commitments to customers, employees and investors. We are working very hard on that. Bob Shephard, our new CFO, was hired with that objective in mind. Randy Mehrberg, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, works on this every day. And we are trying really hard to set an outstanding record of meeting commitments. One of those commitments is to report our results, our opportunities and our problems honestly and reliably. I think we achieved that in August when the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission questioned our accounting for goodwill. I did not enjoy reporting on that very large issue to you, but we reported it immediately. We told you what we were doing to address it through a lot of hard work here with the FERC and the SEC. We were able to solve the problem by addressing the FERC's concerns. We will continue to work to provide detailed information on both our problems and our successes as reliably as we can. While we had a very good third quarter and are having a good year, I know all of you want to know what lies ahead. I will provide an overview, and Bob Shephard, who now has a whole 9 days on the team, or maybe 8, will fill in some of the details. Our revised earnings guidance for 2002 is a range of $4.65 to $4.80 per share. Some of you have already asked why we are not raising the top of our guidance in light of our very good third quarter. There are two items, both timing related, which affect this. The first has to do with the amortization of the regulatory asset on the ComEd books. At the end of 2001, a regulatory asset was on the ComEd books at $277 million. Through the first three quarters of the year we have amortized $75 million. We increased our amortization, as provided under the Illinois Restructuring Act, and now expect the balance to be fully amortized by 2004. In the third quarter, we booked an additional $17 million after tax, which lowered our earnings by 5 cents per share, relating to this issue. In the fourth quarter the additional amortization is expected to be $28 million after tax, which would lower our fourth-quarter earnings by about 9 cents per share relative to our prior earnings outlook for the quarter. The other fourth-quarter timing issue is at our generation company. In June we announced the acquisition of Sithe New England Holdings. This transaction is the purchase of 2,050 megawatts of New England operating generating assets and 2,400 megawatts under construction currently owned by Sithe. We now expect this transaction to close in November, so we will record operating and maintenance expense at these operating units during the fourth quarter. Our 465 to 480 range for 2002 captures these earnings timing issues. Our cost management initiative has been a great success this year, and we will continue to work to offset some of these incremental fourth-quarter costs. Looking ahead to 2003, our outlook for operating earnings is a range of $4.70 to $5 per share. We are committed to delivering good earnings and good earnings growth for our investors, and are doing the best we can in this marketplace. We are also trying to be very realistic about both the opportunities and the challenges we face in 2003. You all know the challenges. They include the continued sluggish economy, rising pension and health care costs, and the very low wholesale power prices we anticipate to continue through 2003. Our cost management initiative has established a structure that provides an opportunity for continued earnings growth next year, in spite of these issues, as we continue to drive out costs and optimize the value of our assets. With that, and I'll be happy to answer more questions later, I am going to let Bob [Shepard] give you a little bit more overview on 2003. $3.75. Well, I think we have -- this is John Rowe. I think we have substantial flexibility under the Illinois Restructuring Act. I might defer to Randy Mehrberg in a minute, but -- because he's seen an opinion letter we have from counsel that I haven't seen -- but my basic understanding of the situation is that the act allows us flexibility with the regulatory assets so that we can, you know, clean up and strengthen our balance sheet during the transition period. And, you know, this decision interacts with things like balance sheet strength and we are allowed to do that before the earnings cap on the statute applies and that sort of thing. So it's a very complicated interplay between the balance sheet, the income statement and the overall performance of our ComEd subsidiary. Randy, would you like to add anything more about the flexibility under that? Excuse me. We haven't included it in the guidance, because different asset sales can affect the income statement either way. As I think you and everybody else knows, we are trying very hard to obtain some attractive sales of some of the enterprise portfolio. And, in addition, as you all know, partially because of British Energies motivation, we have agreed to at least look at the market with respect to the possibility of selling AmerGen. And you know there's a case where if there were to be a sale there would be a significant gain, but also a dilutive effect to earnings, because AmerGen is profitable. The net impact -- go ahead, Ruth Ann. It's also a confirmation of that has a significant effect on our Sithe capital requirements as your question implies. That is correct. Well, I think it's quite clear that residential growth has been the mainstay of ComEd demand, and a lot of that has to do with continued strong housing construction -- larger houses, bigger houses, more air conditioners -- in both the city and the western suburbs. You know, there's a lot of general economic talk to the effect that it's the consumer that is sustaining the economy at the present time, and I think that's very consistent with what we are seeing in the Chicago growth forecast. And we are also assuming that we see a little bit of economic improvement over the year, although we are not predicting any huge recovery, nothing -- we are still dealing with the issue of how long is the bottom of the &quot;U,&quot; rather than how steep is the return of the &quot;V.&quot; Yes, but we do not have a definitive deal. It's the FAS-143 write-up. We are having a little trouble hearing you, but I believe what's at issue here is we think there's a write-up -- I guess pre-tax -- on the order of -- post-tax? I'm sorry, where is that, Steve, in our materials? You are -- unfortunately, you are getting blank looks around my table. I know of no issue there, but we are not giving you a very good answer. And Barry will get an answer, and anyone who wants an answer can call him. And for the very reason you state the cost control is more important. Actually if you, I believe for the year weather is for a moment a positive 17 cents a share. By the time we finish the year the cost control contribution is going to be more than twice that, and the cost control is enduring and predictable in large part; the weather is less predictable. So I believe the weather obviously helped a lot in the third quarter -- no doubt of that. But in the course of the year our ability to use better cost controls to offset the lower wholesale power prices is the larger reason why we have a different story to tell you today than some of our brethren. I think it also helps that we told the bad news a year ago on that horrible week when you were limping and I was coughing. But we got our bad news out early. And as some more has come in the wholesale power market, we have been offset -- we have been able to offset it by better cost control. That's what Michael tells us. Good morning. Good morning, Scott. It's not just -- our philosophy was not to think about it quarter to quarter. Our controller, Matt [Hillsinger], has long purple robes, and sits in a room with whiffs of smoke, and I approached his room and asked how we dealt with that sort of thing, and he said between the statute and the accounting rules we have a lot of discretion, but we have to apply it in a consistent way. And the most consistent way to apply it was over a period of five quarters, not over one quarter. I am not sure what those dates are. Ian or Mike will interject if one of those has the dates. There's also a tradeoff there between our position with Raytheon on liquidated damages and when the plants come in. [Mike Bescart], can you add anything to what I just said? And two things to add to that, Zig, and everyone. I think one of the most significant factors affecting our cash flow is the fact that each year for the next four or five years we're paying back something between 600 and 800 million, Barry, if I remember right -- mostly ComEd transition bonds. And while the rating agencies have not counted those bonds against us by enlarging our debt ratings, we still believe that repaying those and not refinancing them is a strengthening of the balance sheet. And that's a significant issue in our cash flow. The other thing, as you all know, back in January when we increased the dividend I think from 169 to 176 at the time, we indicated that we were trying to build a modest dividend increase plan reasonably related to delivery company earnings into our plans, and we have continued -- you know, we continue to plan to implement that policy. Yes. If we successfully find a prompt third-party buyer for those other assets, it reduces the total capital requirements of the Sithe acquisition. It will be all more elegant than that. Thanks. It will surely come up. The basic thrust of my message to NARUC will be that for those of us who believe both consumers and investors are better off if we get some stability into this industry there are some basic things that have to be grasped very firmly. One of those, and indeed one of the most important, is continued evolution of the wholesale marketplace. And in that context we are strong supporters of FERC's agenda on both the RTO and the SMD. We keenly realize that there are some elements of the SMD that have caused excessive reaction in the West and the Southeast, particularly those - elements that seem to give municipalities an undue advantage. And we are aware that FERC is trying to make some adjustments in that regard. But we are clearly and totally in support of FERC's efforts to get an efficient wholesale market. We believe it is essential to maximize the opportunities that Power Team has, and even more deeply than that. You know, this is no time for companies like us to be saying, Oh, let's go back to some imagined golden path. There is no magic golden path. No one is going to go back to utility monopolies in the competitive states, and no one in their right mind would want to go back to integrated resource management. I'll defer to Barry, but I think FERC -- they're taking another look at everything every quarter these days. And, second, Barry has thoroughly reviewed that plan with them, so there is no surprise here. Barry? I am getting blank looks. It's a perfectly sensible question, and I don't think any of us know the answer. We'll defer that to Barry, but I can't imagine we have no interest rate sensitivity. There was never a utility since time immemorial, which had none. Barry? Do you mean the construction projects in Boston?Thank you, Karie. Good morning, everyone. By now you have all seen our presentation and the press release. This morning we announced our intention to increase our offer to 0.545 shares of Exelon stock for each share of NRG stock. We are able to do this because an exhaustive analysis of NRG's organization and structure gives us additional synergy opportunities. We also announced our intention to sell additional assets and issue equity, the proceeds of which would go to reduce the debt of the combined company and maintain investment-grade ratings. I want to be very clear about this. We have tried to put a whole package before you -- the exchange offer; the amount of assumed property sales; the amount of assumed equity issuance; the amount of assumed synergies; and we will be prepared both today and in our subsequent conversations with you to show how we come up with each of these numbers. But we wanted you to see the whole package together. Realistically put, the Exelon offer will create at least $2 billion and more likely on the order of $3 billion of additional value for the NRG shareholders and $1 billion to $3 billion of additional value for the Exelon shareholders. We can model projections, they can model projections, all of you can model projections but this is the range in which honest models will yield differing results. Few transactions that you see can produce more value than this. NRG shareholders get the value of Exelon's better balance sheet, its low-carbon nuclear fleet, its capacity uprate capability, its operating and regulatory talents and their share of the synergies. Exelon shareholders get the value of NRG's assets, its cash flow, its entrepreneurial talent and their share of the synergies. Together the two companies' shareholders get something very rare, a truly effective combination in an industry in which significant profitable growth is very hard to come by. In a moment Chris and I will provide details on the synergies and financing questions. But first, I want to again review the strategic reasons for the transaction, and why we are working so hard to get a deal accomplished. The answers are very simple. This is all about the long-term value that can be created by consolidation. I have beaten this drum for many years now, so has David Crane, but consolidation is very hard to get in our industry and it is particularly hard to get consolidation when you really are all about value as Exelon is. But if you look at what we have built at Exelon today, you see the point. A little over a decade ago ComEd and PECO were two struggling urban utilities with troubled nuclear operations and rates substantially higher than the national average. Today, Exelon is one of the most successful and, in terms of market value, the most successful in the country. Our success is shown by our industry-leading nuclear capacity factor of 93% for the combined fleet in 2008; by our competitive fleet-wide nuclear production costs of $15.87 per megawatt hour in 2008; by the $8 billion we have invested in transmission and distribution infrastructure in Illinois and Pennsylvania despite rate freezes for a substantial portion of that time; and by one of the best total shareholder returns in the industry, 120% since the creation of Exelon 10 years ago. There simply aren't many stories like that in today's stock market. We have done this despite continued weakness in economic growth and in the commodity markets and we are pleased with the second-quarter results which we will be announcing soon. They allow me today to affirm our earnings guidance for the second quarter and the full year. That value has been created by consolidating what had been two very different companies. Now that success didn't happen by luck. It took discipline and determination, precisely the same kind of effort that it would take to make this combination work. This deal is not simply about size. NRG brings with it a unique mix of assets and a unique market presence and geography that balance Exelon's. It would expand our nuclear fleet while adding more gas generation and coal baseload assets that will have value even in a carbon constrained world. It would expand our presence in Texas, California and the Northeast so our financial health is less dependent on Illinois and Pennsylvania. It of course does exactly the reverse, building more diversity for NRG as well. If we succeed, we will have an entity that has the earnings power, cash flow and balance sheet strength to meet the climate challenge and finance the new investment that our industry will be called upon to make. If you all support this transaction, we will create an entity that will redefine the model for competitive generation. An Exelon-NRG merger will show that independent generation no longer needs to be small and over-levered. It will help us escape the booms and busts that have marked the last decade in the IPP sector. David Crane once said the industry is at the crossroads of consolidation. The sector is still extremely fractured and it has to consolidate. The only question is when, by whom and at what price. Well, we would accept that formulation. To the question of when, the answer should be now. When commodity prices make consolidation more palatable for regulators, when credit is still at a premium, and when the enormous need for new investment in a carbon constrained world is looming. To the question by whom, Exelon and NRG make a whole lot of sense. NRG's own market discovery process confirms this. After more than a half a year of searching, they have announced no better offer than Exelon's. As to the question of price, the offer we put on the table this morning affords NRG shareholders immediate value. It also gives them the benefits as I said earlier of Exelon's low-carbon fleet and the upside that comes as the PECO purchased power agreement expires at the end of 2010. We have increased our offer based on two factors. To a small degree, the NRG acquisition of Reliant, which we see as a positive but not a large one. To a larger degree, our increased offer is supported by additional cost synergies we have identified through intensive analysis in the eight months since our offer. We have used the last eight months to painstakingly analyze NRG's structure, cost platform and operations. My entire operating team is committed to the results of this analysis. We believe we can deliver an additional $1 billion in synergies or a total of $3.6 billion to $4 billion in net present value. The team that performed this was led by Ron DeGregorio, whom you will all have a chance to meet, under the direction of Chris Crane and with assistance from Booz & Co. Ronnie is one of the most valued executives in Exelon Nuclear. Most recently he was Senior Vice President in charge of our mid-Atlantic nuclear units and prior to that, he led the nuclear fleet integration efforts for PECO in the merger with Unicom that created Exelon. Ron will be available on our road show but for now, I would like to turn the call over to Chris who will outline the methodology that we used. Let me just say that when we made our original offer last October, we believed we had identified an attractive place in the market because we thought NRG was even more underpriced than we were at the time and we believe we had identified an attractive package of synergies. At this point, this merger is far more driven by the synergies and that is why we will spend so much time on it today. We do not believe that we will have to issue equity unless we do the NRG transaction. We believe that our cash flows suffices to meet the Moody's and S&P FFO to debt test without issuing new equity if we do not do the transaction. I would say that as you go down the road, depending on different gas price scenarios, you might end up choosing to issue some equity to help finance the nuclear uprate program. But at the present time, Matt, correct me if I overstate this, we think we can sustain our investment grade rating without issuing new equity in the standalone scenario. I'm going to take a first shot at that and then I will defer to Frank Huntowski who is the economist who does these analyses for it. Let me say that the House leadership and the President of the United States put a great deal of effort into securing passage of Waxman-Markey with both components. In the Senate, Chairman Boxer is committed to action on a climate bill. She will again have the support of the President. As you know, Senator Bingaman, who chairs another important committee, has been working on climate for years. I think the passage of Waxman-Markey improves our odds of getting something in the Senate this year that includes climate. That said, the states that are absolutely key to the analysis here are all working on their own renewable program. Texas is a state for wind development, wind development beyond what I believe the federal legislation would require. Illinois and Pennsylvania both developed their own renewable standards. So I think the key drivers here really assume that we have a lot of renewables in all cases. With that, I will defer to Frank. Yes. Hi Jonathan. Chris, would you pick up the asset sale? Well, I will let a couple of my colleagues comment on this. We think that nearly all of the value in a retail business is it functioning as a hedge to the wholesale business. You know lots of people have tried to make a standalone retail model. They haven't been very successful so far starting with the famous and unlamented Enron. So we think that NRG made a good buy on Reliant. We think it adds a little value. We put it, as we show here, in about the $1 per share range. Chris or Bill or Matt, do you want to add anything more on the multiple we use in this valuation. Frank, the economist again. Frank, do you want to pick that one up? You are breaking up at the end. Yes, we are assuming refinancing of the NRG bonds. And Matt, do you know what -- do you want to tell them what debt price you would assume we would have to pay? If you look at footnote 3, you will see $13 and $14 a ton for 2012 and 2013. So I think we came out very close to the EPA in that respect. Frank, correct me if I'm wrong, I want to finish the second part of your question. Then I will turn the first part over to Chris. I believe when we came up with that $1.1 billion number we were assuming $13 in 2012 and almost $14 in 2013, is that right? Matt agrees. I must have said it right. Just to wind up, we will be happy to talk about the all-important synergy numbers as long as you like. And as I said earlier, we will make certain that we bring Ron DeGregorio out to explain to any of you who want to meet with us about them in great detail. (multiple speakers). [Both] companies below $4.Our view is that recessions are really good times to have money and if we don't let ourselves get inpatient in these economic times, there are going to be some good deals and we are just -- I used the phrase pigheaded before, I think that is what we intend to be. We want -- whenever we announce that we are buying something, we want you to be pleased when you hear it, not all nervous and worried, and so we are being very careful. We are looking, as Ian suggested, at whether a gas plant in Texas makes sense. We are also looking at some additional gas capacity in PJM East. Given the RPM pricing that has been put into effect there, there are capacity needs in PJM East and if we can make certain we can do it without raising market power issues, I think we might get both decent returns and help show the FERC and the state of Pennsylvania that PJM's RPM regime really is getting capacity built and we noticed some other suppliers having that attitude also. Let me ask Anne Pramaggiore who is here to give you that update right now. Ken Cornew, will you pick up on that please? I would just repeat though what Matt said. It is cash rather than earnings. So cash is nice though. I probably won't say anything very different than I have said before, but each of the utilities in Pennsylvania goes off its existing contracts at a different time and each of them can be anticipated to have a very different level of rate increase. Thank you, Chaka. Good morning, everyone. This morning, I will do a quick review of the first quarter, comment on our earnings expectations for the remainder of 2008 and give you an update on our views on merger and acquisition activity in the context of our current value proposition. We have received comments from a number of you that the detail in the earnings release and press statements that we put out is more useful than a long parade of adjectives in these calls, so Matt Hilzinger and I are shortening our presentation a bit compared to the norm. We circulated some slides with the press release and Matt and I will be referring to them during our comments. As we told you to expect, our first-quarter operating earnings of $0.93 per share were down from the first quarter of 2007. Matt Hilzinger will provide detail on some of the year-over-year differences. I want to focus on the most important one -- decreased nuclear power plant output due to a larger number of planned refueling outages. This is something that we have had in the works for some time and we signaled that months ago to you. In the first quarter, we started five refueling outages and completed four as planned. That compares to starting two and completing one in the first quarter of last year. These numbers exclude Salem. I want to emphasize three points. First, we told you to expect them in December and we reflected them in our earnings-per-share guidance for the first quarter and for all of 2008. Second, we maintained our industry-leading performance by completing the outages on average in 24 days compared to the industry average of 41 days. Chris Crane, Chip Pardee and their team continue to do an absolutely extraordinary job with our nuclear fleet. Third, we expect to complete our remaining refueling outages just as safely and just as efficiently. In short, we are on plan for the year and committed to keeping ourselves on plan for the year. We expect to deliver operating earnings within our previously announced guidance range of $4.00 to $4.40 per diluted share. Now let me address mergers and acquisitions. As you all know, I always look. Many of you have asked us to be very rigorous about any large merger because you believe the strength of our existing value proposition would more likely be diluted than enhanced. After looking very carefully at the most attractive, large opportunities, we agree. Slide 3 in the package states our base case or the fundamental value proposition we offer. Over the next three to five years, Exelon is uniquely positioned to deliver sustainable value to its shareholders. We have the largest, low-cost, low emission nuclear fleet in the nation and all 17 of those units operate in competitive markets. As gas, coal and capacity prices increase and reserve margins decline, the value of our nuclear fleet increases. We expect that value to increase even further in a carbon-constrained world. While we don't know just when, we have all three presidential candidates pledge to carbonate legislation and even President Bush now advocating action. We believe that legislation will be enacted in 2009 or 2010 with a likely effective date sometime in 2012 or 2013. In other words, we believe Exelon is uniquely positioned to deliver increasing value and long-term earnings growth. At our regulated entity level, ComEd continues to execute on its regulatory recovery plan. The rate case is progressing well. Many of you saw that the ICC Staff in its rebuttal testimony recommended a revenue requirement of $269 million in increases, approximately 75% of ComEd's original request of $361 million. That took a great deal of work by Anne Pramaggiore, Bob McDonald, Darryl Bradford and the ComEd team, but I think it shows not only healing numbers, but a healing set of relationships and I am very proud of that work. Both PECO and ExGen continue to work constructively with the Rendell administration and the Pennsylvania General Assembly and other stakeholders in an effort to manage the transition to competitive markets in that state. While Pennsylvania reflects the fact that there are four major utilities instead of two and it reflects the fact that it is a more bipartisan state than Illinois, so that it is difficult to forecast when matters come to a head. I remain cautiously optimistic that the Pennsylvania situation will be acceptably resolved in 2008. So, with all of that going on here at Exelon, we have earnings expectations consistent with what we have told you. We have an increasingly strong cash flow profile. Cash flow expectations have improved compared to three months ago. We have one of the strongest balance sheets around. We are able to pursue growth opportunities when we see them and committed to a value return policy of dividend growth and share buybacks when we don't have something better to give you. This strong, indeed in our industry, unique base case allows us to be very disciplined and very patient when it comes to pursuing M&A opportunities. In terms of large combinations, we believe we have now looked at all of the obvious possibilities. A combination of economic, social and political issues make it very difficult to find one that adds substantial value to our base case and can be executed in a predictable and confident way. As a result, it is our plan to focus on growing our base case through smaller asset acquisitions, asset swaps or potentially adding new generation to our fleet. As you all know, generation development also requires a great deal of financial rigor and as we have previously discussed in connection with our proposed nuclear station in Texas, we are being very hardheaded and rigorous about that as well. So the upshot of what I want to give you today is that 2008 is on message and on track. The Exelon value proposition is exactly what you have been buying and we are committed to being hardheaded, even pigheaded, about continuing to pursue value in that context. And we will not let other temptations get us off that sustainable value message. With that, I will ask Matt Hilzinger to give you a more detailed look at the first-quarter results. Ken? Sure. I will start this and I will ask Ian McLean to pick up a little bit in addition. We have looked at most of the major integrateds and I've answered how we feel about those at the moment in my opening comments. We have also looked at gas, wind, other things. The first thing is we are green and we want to stay green. We think part of our value proposition to you is the positioning we have in what we perceive to be a carbon-constrained world and we don't intend to yield that position. Second, most of what we see suggested existing gas capacity is fairly fully priced. If we saw a big opportunity in gas in any region, we would be announcing a transaction instead of just continuing to look in our red-eyed way. Obviously, we would like to expand, preferably in other market-competitive areas, but we are also willing to do it in areas where you get PPAs. The problem we see is that, at current prices, any transaction would likely be earnings-dilutive even if it seemed to make sense in the long-term value basis. And I haven't been able to find a way yet to skin a cat that brings you one that wouldn't be significantly earnings dilutive. So that is why we go very slow on all of this. We have an earnings proposition for you that we value a great deal and we are not of the view at the moment that we have something where the value add is sufficiently large to justify the concomitant earnings dilution. Ian, would you like to pick up on that? Let me try to pick up on that. Ian and Matt and I keep asking where and what haven't we thought about. The one place that occurs to me that it has hit us so far is that both ComEd and PECO had some variable rate auction debt where the auction benchmark dried up and we had to refinance and we have done the PECO and expect no problem with the ComEd. But Mike Metzner, would you like to add to that?I wish I knew the answer to that. This is going to sound positively [wussy], but it takes real courage to be a codfish. The answer to your question depends on what the political leadership wants. If they want that sort of system because it gives them greater control of the regulated utilities, then it probably makes sense to say yes. If they want the companies to stay together, they'll have to find a way to let the delivery companies succeed with the affiliation. And the key thing I'm trying to say to you, and I mean this definitively, right now, on the structural issue, if you try to get something other than that which they want, it would cost a great deal of money. Yes. If you remember Shelly's chart, protect what we have and grow what we have, protect first, grow second. Our short list is to solve Illinois, and then you can probably come up with the growth opportunity list and come up with almost the same one as ours. Every investment banker that shows up has a book that overlaps 90%, so your book is as good as mine. Jack, and the other speakers, would you join John up here at the table? I just want to try to wrap up. I was giving similar remarks a few months back at one of those conferences you all have. I think this was one of the Steve Fleishman memorial events, and I gave my talk largely focused on the Illinois situation, and then Gary Rainwater from Ameren gave his talk and as I walked out someone said, God, do you all describe it differently. This was, I think, an allusion to my general preference for talking about the problems and challenges rather than celebrating successes. We do that for a clear and simple reason. For those of you who are into management theory, it's something called the Stockdale Paradox. It says that somehow to succeed you have to have an absolute understanding of your problems and challenges. You also have a total conviction in your ability to survive them and flourish through them. In investor world, what that means is you better tell your investors all the things that you know about that threaten the company's prospects, and I truly believe that there is no company in our industry that sets a higher standard of candor in doing that. And if any one of you know one, we'll benchmark it and try to do better. But at the same time, we do have a confidence that we can continue to deliver for you. I'm on a board of directors where the CEO sent out a comparison of that company's total return to GE's, and sure enough it was better and all the directors smiled. So, having no pride at all, I run home and ask Marybeth to total up for me how our total return compares to GE's, and lo and behold, it was much better. I smiled, too. And then I noticed that over the six-year period, GE's wasn't very good indeed, so I thought I better have another benchmark. And if you'll pardon me just one moment of pure ego, I asked Marybeth to run the total return for 23 years of John Rowe's utilities. It's 16.7% annual compounded. The issue is simply which way are the political forces going to treat you more fairly? I don't dispute a word of your analysis. Remember, your analysis is one thing. My analysis tends to get turned into political action, which you might not like. For example, one of the bills that was filed in the Senate in Illinois was something like a $400 million a month a tax -- no, I guess it was a $40 million a month tax on the nuclear plants in Illinois. There are all sorts of ways for an angry polity to make a business untenable and we want to come out with a solution that is politically durable. To go back to the reason you used, just a couple of things. First, Pennsylvania will be somewhat different because the transition charges have been sufficiently high in Pennsylvania that when they come off, there's room to go to a market price with a significantly smaller rate increase, for what it's worth. Second, I do think your point that delivery companies are held hostage is correct. I think your analysis about a different investor base and value return policy is correct. We also find that it requires different management skills. There are a lot of things to be said about disaggregation that make a lot of sense. Our board has grappled with this at great lengths, but, again, the issue is what does it cost to go either way. Right now, we put up with a lot of abuse for staying together. We haven't left a lot of money on the table yet. I do not know which way we leave the lowest amount of money on the table. And I'm trying to look a little bit like tar baby in the Uncle Remus stories, because whatever way I fight, that's the way they will make cost the most. And I want to come out of this briar patch with the most value, whichever way it is. That's as clear as I can answer your question without creating more trouble than I do you good. Just in back, let me look on the flanks a minute first before -- then I'll come back there, and then Zack. Zack, you can take this answer and it will be in the for what it's worth category, because, frankly, all of you are as capable of judging this as I am, but we already have a patchwork of state and local things. You have the RGGI issues in New England and part of the Northeast. You have the much ballyhooed Schwarzenegger plan in California. When I said 2009, I meant federal regulation. Well, I think when you're talking about giving away cash, your priority is obviously how much do you have? I'd work John Young over a little more on that, Dick. He wrote the list, not I, but to me it's a matter of being willing to do it at such time as we have the cash. I tried to make the point as clearly as we could. We're not trying to build some secret war chest for an acquisition. We know you all don't like that, and we want you to have the trust in us in the future you've had in the past, and that means that -- what did Jerry McGuire say? Where's the money or something like that? Show me the money. It's where is the cash? Here and then back there. It is where it all starts, after all. Thank you very much, everybody, and we're having lunch, of course, and we hope you will spread out and we'll spread our team out so you have maximum chance to find out why Ian could talk his wife into that windmill. Well, I think when you get to large quantities, it does become a legitimate concern. I am a big believer that if we have the right project in the right economic and political environment, we can find those skills and capabilities, but they aren't cheap anymore. I think somebody ought to ask Jack one question, or else the big nuts and bolts aren't important. Well, I give away a quarter of the cash proceeds from all of my option exercises. As you saw in the Sun Times editorial that followed the savage front page, I spend more time than almost any other CEO in the city on public service activities. I think you're going to find when next year's bonus comes out that I'm also sponsoring a charter school in this city. There is a parochial school down in a very important district that stays open because of the Rowes' money. Virtually every important minority community organization reflects not only the company's financial contributions, but mine. If I made that commitment, I might do you more harm than good. I would suggest you ask John Young about you the assumptions work, but I'm not prepared to commit to a particular number this morning. Yes, sir. They're pretty well known in the right places. If you ask somebody on the street, the first thing they say is who's John Rowe? The second thing, if they did know who I was, they'd say, oh, he's that rich utility executive. But if you ask legislators who supports the causes in their district, I think they're pretty well known. I'm not painfully shy. Yes, Zach. Back in the back. Thank you, everybody. I apologize for not being with you last night, but Mayor Daley was having a dinner for his supporters and I thought I was doing you more good by being there than here. This is, after all, Chicago. I've worn my best little pocket silk. There was a major powwow in the office yesterday, which is our big trouble is our CEO is a basset hound and how the hell do we make him look like a Doberman? The suggestions on exuding confidence range from having me wear a tux today, which was one possible assignment, to wearing Santa Claus hats, and as I left yesterday, the consensus was still on the Santa Claus hats, but the ladies seemed to have better judgment over the course of the night. Let me start by being clear. I think we at Exelon have a great deal to be proud of, a great deal to be confident about, a great deal to offer all of you and still a great deal to work on. It just doesn't come easy in this business and the very things that you all are investing in are the things that stir envy and concern and keep the political roads a rocky one. We will address all of that in some detail. As you know from your outlines, Jack Skolds is going to follow me with an operating report. Ian McLean will address marketing. Barry Mitchell and Lisa Crutchfield will bring you more up to date on politics and regulation in Illinois and Pennsylvania, and then John Young will conclude with a financial overview. Despite some of the regulatory challenges which we have dealt with in the past several years, Exelon remains one of the most successful companies in the utility business. I think in terms of consistently delivering for you, we can claim to be the most successful. Our operating earnings have grown by a compound rate of almost 10% since we put the company together. In the third quarter, we were up 7% from the third quarter a year ago. The fourth quarter looks good and we are very comfortable with our revised up 3.15 to 3.30 range for the year. As a consequence, as you know, the board voted to increase the dividend to $1.76 per share. As you probably are learning from your materials and as John Young will address more completely this morning, the dividend increase is part of a value-return policy which is designed to fit more closely the commodity nature of an increasingly large part of our business. Over the past five years, our total return has been almost 150%. Thanks to you, thanks to the work of my team, we have outstripped the performance of the utility index, the S&P Utility Index, and the S&P 500. We are very pleased that we have been able to do this. These results are a product of very simple things, done with great diligence and great consistency. On the leading effort, from people like Jack Skolds, Chris Crane, our operating people, favorable energy markets, and Ian McLean's great care in dealing with them straight. Ian has consistently resisted temptations to take a big role. He also resisted some real pressure a few years ago to sell too soon. Ian and Ken Cornew have done exactly what a trading group should do with an asset-intensive business. Above all, the success we've had reflects our constant commitment to the basics of this business and our fundamental understanding of how it works. Those of you that looked at the Tribune this morning may have noticed that Midwest Generation made a major agreement, curtailing emissions from the fossil plants it bought from us. Well, I don't know if that was a good deal or a bad deal from Midwest Gen. I don't wish to judge it at all. Suffice it to say that the need to do that sort of thing was one of the reasons we sold those plants six years ago. And the larger reason we sold those plants was that it was necessary to reduce our market position in Illinois if we were going to be able to take advantage of a competitive market and market-based prices. Imagine where we would be today if we had not done that. Indeed, I look back on the things we've done to create value, and those decisions in '99, 2000, 2001, to sell the fossil plants and to put the generation into a separate group would be near the top of the list. What you have in front of you is the current Exelon vision statement. There are several things I'd like you to notice about it. One is that in its fundamentals it's pretty much what it's been for five years. The fundamentals of what we do really don't change from day to day. The other is that we've managed to tailor it a bit, and to put it in plainer English for our employees. I don't wish to spend much time on this this morning, but let me assure you that I can go through it line by line and word for word with every employee that we have and tell them what it means. And if you want to know what we're doing and if sometimes it seems obscure, go back and look at this document and probably it will tell you. Now, if we can go to the next page, Shelly Keller in our planning department took the vision statement, tried to divide it into two basic strategic objectives, how we protect today's value and how we grow future value. I tell people again and again that in the utility business, you've got to pay attention to the left-hand side of this sheet first. A great many big dreams get scuffled because people don't attention to protecting what they are, and at Exelon we'll do this all the time. This page frames the rest of what I'm going to say, so I won't spend more time on it right now. Everything we do begins with operations. If anyone in the utility business forgets that it all begins with keeping the lights on, they will not serve their investors. Similarly, if you're in the nuclear business, you better remember that that begins with running the plants superbly and safely. Here at Exelon, we have a constant and total commitment to improving our operations. We try in T&D, in nuclear, Mark Schiavoni in fossil. We work at it all the time. Not every day is a success, but the results over time have been very good indeed. We have improving trends in reliability. We have very high nuclear capacity factors. Our INPO ratings continue to improve and the commercial availability of our fossil fleet also exceeded 93% through November. We are working very hard to capitalize on environmental leadership with our low-carbon fleet of power plants. We have been in the forefront of efforts to adopt a responsible national climate policy individually, through my work on the National Commission on Energy Policy and through our corporate membership in the Pew Center on Global Climate Change. We were recently named to the Dow Sustainability Index. We work on continuous improvement in all the other areas, as well. While most people would say that Exelon is a tough and challenging place to work, and we intend to keep it that way, we've been listed by Business Week as one of the best places to start a career. We're constantly working to enhance the value of that unregulated generation fleet. Ian has us substantially hedged for 2007 and has made a good start on 2008 and 2009. most of generation power for the next several years is already sold either to third parties or to PECO and ComEd. Generation is thus significantly protected form short-term volatility in prices. Everyone that you all listen to talks about financial discipline. It's easy to talk about. It's a lot harder to live. I can assure you, if you touched the hearts of my team, each and every one of us would like to build the next generation of power plants. Each and every one of us would like to grow to be very much bigger than anyone else. We thought we had a chance to do it with the PSEG merger. The price simply became too high. We do these things for business, we do them for value. We are not building you a cathedral. We're trying to make you money, and we are single minded in that effort. You have rewarded this discipline by making us worth more than $41 billion as of last night. Most of the time in the last months, we have been the largest market cap company in the industry. I'm saddened to say we lost that yesterday for a moment. We'll try to take it back. Now, where do we go from here? What I've just said relates to the first half of Shelly's chart. As everyone here knows, the competitive marketplace is under attack in Illinois. As you will learn today, we also have strong allies in defending it. Competition is, to some extent, under attack across the country. The old-time religion in political circles is still lower of cost per market, and people like whatever political theory gives you the lower price at the moment. Well, we have, of course, seen this all before. On the 9th of January, I will complete my 23rd year running utilities. I went off to run my first one as rate-based regulation died in New England under the cost pressure of Seabrook and Millstone. I came to New England Electric five years later as integrated resource management was driving prices to unacceptable levels and regulators were burdening it further with environmental externalities. If you look back at the history of this industry, we have responded both to crises and opportunities by building things we deeply believe the nation needed only to find out that regulators were always second-guessing the system. That's what happened with rate-based regulation in the '80s. That's what happened with integrated resource management in the '90s. That's now what threatens with competition. You have to make any system of regulation work by keeping the cost politically acceptable. We now have a new set of energy crises and opportunities. We have a clear need to invest in lower carbon generation across the country and a certainty that we don't know what natural gas prices will be. Well, some of you read the book Shogun, which the Shogun says, and the first commandment is patience and the second commandment is patience, and the third. I've spent a lot of time on this issue because what I think is good business and what I think is good national policy isn't congruent. If I were czar for reasons of carbon, for reasons of bringing troops home, for reasons of what works, we'd have a ton of new nuclear plants very fast. But that doesn't mean it's good business to invest in them very fast. Some of you should talk to Moler about this at breaks. When I went down to see Senator Durbin the other day, now Assistant Majority Leader, congenial discussion with a very bright man, clearly doesn't want to deal with Mr. Reid on Yucca Mountain, might be helpful on some interim storage solution, but he's all fascinated by the latest discussions on carbon sequestration. It's absolutely astonishing to me how many Democrat politicians, particularly on the liberal side of the caucus, are sure that carbon sequestration is a viable alternative to new nuclear plants. And it doesn't make a lot of sense to me, because it strikes me as a terribly cumbersome technological alternative, and one that's especially unproven. But that seems to be where they're coming from. The Nuclear Energy Institute, which I will chair come spring, has clearly tailored its public statements to say we need Yucca Mountain someday, and since someday isn't likely to be in our working lifetimes, we need federally licensed repositories that are off the sites of existing plants, and we need those soon. And DOE has been conducting an inventory of such things and allegedly has lots of candidates. Well, believe and the truth shall be revealed to you, I guess. I will believe when I see it myself. I have taken a very strong position that before Exelon participates in building new plants, we need to know where the waste is going to go. Ideally, that would be a federal solution. Perhaps, for example, in Texas, it could be a state solution, but we need a place to go so that utility executives aren't telling their friends and neighbors and legislators that any time we're building a new nuclear plant, we're building a new waste site. That's not because it isn't safe, it's just because it's bad business. So I think we are in a period when we cannot solve the waste problem and cannot have a large next generation of nuclear plants until we have a truly bipartisan solution to the waste problem. And the reason I mentioned the carbon dioxide sequestration, I know Duke, AEP, Southern, are working on proposals for gasified coal plants, but haven't noticed that most of those plants have immediate carbon sequestration with the plant. And until both parties come to grips with both the uncertainties of that technology and the fact that nuclear can be real at economic rates, if you only live up to the commitment to find a place to put the waste, I don't believe you're going to have a large new generation. And, in any event, I'm not putting your money into it until I have a lot more assurance than I do today. Way back in the back. Am I missing people on the front? Wave a little more frantically if I am. Well, I would be skeptical about applying our model to purely regulated assets, but even a regulated state like Georgia has some room for what I would call an RPM procedure. Well, we're obviously interested in Texas. We continue to have an interest in New York and New England, and the reason I said west of the Rockies is we kind of like some of what we see about Arizona and we kind of look at California wondering if any foreigner ever went into that state and came out whole, but it is a huge market with what should be some opportunities. So we go west of the Rockies, remembering that the Donner Party starved to death in the past. Can't hear.Well, I think not at first blush. But we are constantly looking for ways to come up with what I would call an integrated response to both Burke and state requirements. In other words, Burke has its set of issues on what makes an effective market. And it tends to look at wholesale and prime regions. The Illinois commission and the Citizens Utility Board have their issues as to what makes an effective market. In principal those issues are largely the same, but in detail and nuance they can be quite different. And what we'll be trying to do is to develop responses that meet the requirements of our state and make our position with Burke even better. And so I think at some point you will see a unified response to the marketing issues that both Burke and in the state. But let me say for the short run, first our initial filing indicates that we believe we passed the Burke market power screens. A great many folks don't. Second, we are able to do this in significant part because Betsy Boeller's 3.5 years of work on making both of our company's parts of PJM, making PJM bigger and better by helping create a situation where AEP could join. All of that has improved the market situation in our region and so we think the policies to date have been pretty well designed to make these markets more effective. So you are sort of serving two God at once and their wishes are not always consistent. Thank you. That's precisely fair. That is my belief and that is what I would assume as you but when you say definitively utility executives can write little definitively. Well, the answer is, sure. We have Barry Mitchell who test the best in terms of depth of voice in practice around the phone so, Barry, will you pick that up. John just let me add something much more Bob is more confident than I to discuss detailed rate making issue that you were in to but I need to make a moment of philosophy here. We do not put capital into the delivery system to be either offensive or defensive about rate cases. We put capital into the delivery system if and only if we think the delivery system needs that capital for reliability. First Bob will do that in more detail when he's out at EEI, and he has the real numbers front of him which I don't at the moment, but the larger part of it will be at ComEd where the great growth appears to exist over time. It will however include both service territories. Second, of course we expect to earn a return on it over time. Standard utility regulation principles apply in both Illinois and Pennsylvania over time. Historically these jurisdictions have been as fair in that regard as other jurisdictions. Now you know and I know and everyone on the phone knows that every rate case has its own issues and we've been in Illinois under a freezes for some time and exactly when you start expliciting returning on what dollars has to be worked out on a rate case. But we're confident that over time we will get a fair, a fair regulated return which is a competitive return in the marketplace on these investments. Matt Hilzinger our comptroller is here. He'll pick that one up. I suspect that CUB will take at least one position on it. The Citizens Utility Board in Illinois is an active, aggressive, capable and sometimes sharp tongued advocate. It also is a group which has some history of being willing and able to come to a constructive agreement with utilities if utilities are willing to work with it. And I'm not at liberty to define their position in any way at this time except to say that they accept the legitimacy of auction based approaches but are very concerned about issues such as safety nets to avoid unacceptable power price spikes and about issues that relate to the activity of market participants to assure that no one, not us, not other utilities, not Midwest Generation, but no one gets to abuse the market position. So I expect the Citizens Utility Board to be an aggressive advocate and a constructive negotiator and obviously as is my whole record and Fran Clark and Anne Promesori who do this work, we will do everything we know how to try to meet their legitimate concerns in a way that protects our legitimate interests. Thank you, Bob. As we stated in this morning's press release, we are very pleased with our third quarter results. We were able to increase operating earnings per share by about 12% from last year. We able to come in toward the high end of our third quarter guidance and we did this despite having had only two days in Chicago and five days in Philadelphia in both July and August when weather exceeded 90 degrees. What we believe that shows is that the underlying business is working very well indeed. We are also pleased that as we look forward this year our GAAP earnings, as Bob stated, are likely to exceed operating earnings on a full year basis as they have done for the first nine months. Now, all of you know the real news already, we announced a new dividend policy in July, targeting a 50-60% payout ratio toward ongoing earnings consistent with our peer group and appropriate for our business model. We committed to you in that policy that we would get there by the full year of 2005. Many of you questioned, during our recent investor meetings, whether we would really live up to the policy. Well with the announcement that we have increased our dividend by $0.38 per share, we have now adopted a dividend level consistent with that policy and done so a bit earlier than we had committed to do. Let me take a minute to explain the rationale for accelerating the dividend increase. First as is obvious, we wanted to show you that we meant what we said. Second, the policy was based on Exelon achieving targeted balance sheet and credit improvements. We had initially planned that those would take 'til the end of this year. However, with our strong operating performance year-to-date and what we see ahead for the fourth quarter, we can count on enough cash to complete our balance sheet strengthening program this year as planned and also to pay out an additional $65 million or $0.095 per share in dividends in the fourth quarter. This latest increase brings our dividend payout ratio up to 54% of the mid-point of our operating earnings guidance for 2005. The Board's approval of both the amount and timing of this latest dividend increase reflects our confidence and my own personal confidence in the sustainability of our recent earnings and cashflow improvements and further demonstrates our continued committment to return cash to you, our shareholders, after making all necessary investments in our core utility business. We also announced this morning, that because of the growth that we are seeing, most intensely in Chicago but also in Philadelphia, we are continuing to invest new capital in improving reliability and meeting and expanding service requirements in our core utility business. ComEd expects to realize weather adjusted year-over-year growth of about 3% in 2004, while PECO will likely register growth of over 3.5%. We expect to see load growth continuing for the next few years, albeit at a more moderate 1.5 to 2.5% rate. Continued load growth means that we need to continue to invest in the reliability of our system and service. We think that should be a good investment for our shareholders, but we are also doing it because it meets our desire to continue to improve our service to customers. Previously we indicated that we would use our free cash flow to increase our dividend and if there was leftover, to either repurchase Exelon stock or make prudent investments. Today we have made good on the first of those committments, we have raised the divident substantionals. We are also announcing our intention to invest more in our utility distribution system, primarily in ComEd but also in PECO. Bob will provide more details on our new plan for energy delivery and the impact to our 2005 and 2006 cashflow projections and on the Excelon Way targets at the EEI conference next week. I want to highlight a couple of points here today. The higher than initially planned investment in Exelon energy delivery this year are being fully offset by higher than planned capital and O&M savings elsewhere in the business. As Bob discussed earlier, we will more than meet our capital O&M and cashflow targets this year. Going forward into 2005 and 2006 wwe expect most, if not all, of the $200 million plus available for other uses after our higher dividends payment. The numbers that we showed to you at our investor meeting in August, we expect those amounts to be reinvested in our delivery business to lead growth and to improve reliability. We believe that these investments will work out for both investors and customers, and intend to make it so. I want to turn now to three key regulatory milestones reached during the second quarter. On August 10, we announced that Exelon had reached a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice, under which the government will imburse - reimburse Exelon for costs associated with storage of spent fuel at the company's nuclear station, until the time that the D.O.E fulfills its obligation to except the spent fuel. If the National Repository opens by 2010 and the D. O. E. begins accepting spent fuel at that time, gross reimbursement to Exelon would eventually total about $300 million. This settlement resolves a five year old lawsuit and eliminates financial uncertainty for both Exelon and the D.O.E. It allows both parties to focus on the opening of Yuca Mountain. Under the settlement Exelon does not give up it's place in the Yuca Mountain queue for accepting spent fuel. We have been relentless in pursuing the approval, funding and licensing of Yuca Mountain and we will continue to vigorously pursue this goal. But let me say, I - I think getting real cash for the governments' delay in meeting its' obligation was an immense accomplishment by our nuclear group and our legal department and I'm very proud of our pioneering role in this respect. On another area, on October 1, ADP andn Dayton Light and Power followed Commonwealth Edison into PJM. This expansion of PJM brings efficient transmission congestion management and competitive wholesale energy markets to a huge swat of the eastern inner connection. PJM is now the world's largest grid operator and has a peak demands of almost 108,000 megawatts serving 44 million people from the Mississippi to the Delaware Bay, across 13 states and the District of Columbia. It is scheduled to expand again with the future additions of Virginia Power and king. PECO Energy has been a member of PJM for more than 75 years and as you all know ComEd joined PJM on May 1, 2004. We believe this enhances the regional liability of the transmission grid. We know it encourages fair wholesale pricing from electricity suppliers and improves regulatory oversight of the transmission system. This expansion of PJM benefits Exelon's customers by further strengthening reliability and reducing procurement costs. It benefits Exelon and its shareholders by giving us a better and more efficient market and by helping Exelon to pass the first market power screen, which is a prerequisite to qualify for market based rates. We believe that PJM membership and an effective PJM is a vital part of our plans for serving our customers and getting a fair price for our power. Last last week the Illinois Commerce Commission concluded an extensive stakeholder process designed to make recommendations on how to structure Illinois electricity markets post-2006. The workshops were attended by numerous public sector and industry stakeholders including the ICC staff, Illinois Utilities, Alternative Electric Suppliers, representatives of customer groups, environmental groups, independent generators and various governmental entities. Final reports from various working groups were submitted to the IC Electric Policy Committee last week. The final report from the ICC to the Illinois legislature will include an implementation report from the general counsel and a staff report. It is expected by mid-November. While much remains to be done, we are pleased that the various parties were able to reach a significant degree of consensus on a number of key issues. Those included a special lease support for a competitive procurement process. About a dozen different procurement models were explored and while no final decisions have been made, it appears that a full requirement spending block time vertical option similar to what is being used in New Jersey has garnered the most of support. While as you all know we had proposed a year ago a methodology in which Exelon generation would remain a sole source supplier for the so-called polar load we believe this vertical option would be a fair pricing model for both consumers and investors. It offers the customers of the utility the benefits of wholesale competition as part of a bundled regulated utility product. It aligns the interest of regulators and market participants in delivering fairly priced service to customers. It avoids a collision between retail regulators at the ICC and the wholesale regulators that differ on what constitutes an acceptable non-discriminatory procurement process. Allows our generation company to compete to serve the ComEd load and if a improperly designed, staggered contract term of three to five years can be put in place it will provide a measure of retail prices stability without artificially dampening wholesale market variability. Of course Exelon remains open to other fairly priced structures such as the proposal we made a year ago. But we believe this is a promising effort in making the market work and we are certain that as long as we can receive a fair competitively established price for our generation we will do very well indeed. With that we will be happy to answer your questions. Good morning, Vic. Daniel, what you are saying is echoing in our speaker system so I conhere you. I agree with that. I forget what lower capacity factors that this would have to be the sale of units. They arely only once I can think of that we have a partnership and somebody else operates and the fact that those capacity factors have been lower have hurt us a little bit but it isn't a very big deal in the total earnings. I'll ask Mike Metzner to get you a number on that if we're permitted to do so. Is there any reason why we can't? Yes. Is that a what have you done for me lately question? I want to be very careful about how I answer that. I don't believe we want to be more on the higher end of the pay out ratio. I don't believe we want to be more on the lower end of the pay out ratio. We believe we need a ratings like 50 to 60% to cover the uncertainties that exist in any business. We've made the boldest statements of confidence in our ability to continue to produce both good earnings and good cash flow that I know thousand make. We intends to keep the policy in place literally as we have adopted it and as we have just implemented it. But future dividend increases will be driven by future earnings when and as we see them. We can't do better or speak more clearly than the policy does as we wrote it. Yes. Thank you, everybody. I think the next step to occur will be the filing some time in mid-November of a report by the commission on its investigations and its judgments about what to do after the process that has been ocurred among the various stakeholders. I think that will be followed up by the filing of explicit proposals, and obviously we and other folks have a significant amount of steps drafted but nobody can finish the job until they see the ICCs preliminary report. Those explicit proposals will then be ah, the subject of more formal regulatory review processes. Good morning, Paul. Thanks, Vic thank you. Well, we like to keep our comments on our operations confined to thing we operate ourselves because you rarely do yourself any good by commenting on your neighbors either on their good days or your bad days. But we have already made public that we have offered to loan them ten people from our nuclear team to try to help in their effort and I think that is about all that we're able to do in that respect. As you probably know, most joint nuclear operating agreements give a very large measure of control to the operating entity. And that was done for a whole lot of historical reasons but it puts us in the situation where we can offer advice, or we can offer a little assistance but we have no powerful right to intervene in that respect. Yes, indeed, Vic. I think the exact words I used because I was pretty careful was a substantial measure of consensus. It's my understanding that the staff of the commission, Amerin, which is the second largest utility in the state, most of the retail marketing entities all found the New Jersey option to be a convincing approach. I don't know if these positions are unequivocal or not. Speaking for Exelon we believe that could be done in a fair way and it avoids some deficiencies that exist in other option processes. So we think that that can be tied with the regulated delivery rates that will come into effect in '07 to make both a workative - a workable competitive procurement model to go along with a regulated delivery model, and we think it can all work reasonably well if it's done fairly. We take a lot of confidence from the active supplier participation in the New Jersey options and the fact that it seems to deliver a price which reflects the wholesale market well without any peculiar spikes and that sort of thing which we don't want our customers to do to have to deal with. Thanks, Steve. I will do my best but everything I'm about to say is a judgment, regulator. Or a guesstimate and none of it is written in stone cause I don't think the power to do that. I anticipate that there will be filings by various parties in the first quarter of next year on mechanisms this is to implement an auction. I anticipate that an auction itself is likely to be done sometimes in 2006 for the supplies on some sort of staggered basis for the years seven, eight, nine and ten. And I anticipate that a delivery case would be filed some time in the first half of 2005 designed to steer for a decision on the usual eleven-month timing sometime in early 2006. Now there's obviously some slop in all of those estimates but what I think is more important than precision in timing, are a couple of basic principals, one of which is that different market participants will have a lot to say before the commission about when they want the auction to take place so that it works most efficiently for seven, eight, nine and ten. In other words, it's sort of biological, it can't come either too late or too soon or it won't work so well. And people will have a lot to say about that. Second, you can be sure that the Citizens Utility Board and others will be looking to negotiate with us as we discussed earlier on ways to have some relationship between the outcome of the auction and the delivery case and that is inherently one of those things that you don't know what it looks likes unless and until it happens. I mean maybe no negotiation is successful. Maybe a negotiation is successful very early. It's very important to assure our customers that they'll have a reasonable measure of rate stability and there's no need here for any rate shock, anything we see, on the other end it's very important not to make deals that screw up the market.I'll do my best. We at Exelon don't like $4.00 gas. Does anybody have any doubts about that? We were real fond of $8.00 gas. At $12.00 gas, it was all too good to be true, and I spent all my time being beaten up by politicians. So there is a sweet spot in gas for Exelon, there isn't any doubt about that. And we do think shale gas has the potential to hold gas prices down to a larger degree for a longer time than we would have seen possible two years ago. Ken, I think, has reduced his long-term gas prices from $9.00 to $7.50 to $6.50 or something on that order. So that's kind of where we are now on the longer term. But the EPA regulations don't just affect the capacity markets, although that's what they affect the largest first. They also will affect the energy price market, because they will move gas to the margin more of the time, as well as increasing the cost of running the coal plants. And in time, they also affect gas prices themselves, but I think that's a tertiary function rather than the primary one. Well, the &quot;when&quot; is what I know. The &quot;what,&quot; I know less well. The &quot;when&quot; is it's supposed to be proposed by the spring of next year. EPA has suggested drafts will be out this year, and the statute requires them to be effective by 2014. I think no one knows what numbers EPA will propose for mercury and other heavy metals. But everyone knows it is very, very difficult and very, very expensive to add to older, smaller coal plants control technologies that help reduce the concentrations of mercury. And when you combine the hazardous pollutant regulation with the increasing regulation of sulfur dioxide that started today, in some ways, with more regulation of fine particulates, even perhaps with some regulation of carbon dioxide, you get a situation which is very expensive--in fact, impossibly expensive--for a significant portion of the nation's coal fleet. We have a great many power plants out there that are under 500 megawatts, a great many power plants that are somewhere between 40 and 70 years old. They simply will not bear the capital requirements that are necessary to comply with a variety of these statutes, with, I think, mercury being the most expensive and the most definitive. And while Congress has not proven as willing to address the climate problem as I thought it was after the presidential campaign two years ago, in the wake of events like BP's disaster with its oil well, it's awfully hard to foresee Congress backtracking on the regulation of hazardous air pollutants. Sure. Sure. If I could do all of that, I would be very smart. I can do some of it. There are three kinds of regulation that are good for Exelon in this case--cap and trade, carbon tax, and simply EPA regulation of CO2. Those are all pluses for Exelon. And how much they're a plus is simply a result of what you think the implicit price of carbon dioxide emissions is. You used the number, Hugh, of $0.50 a share per $10.00 a ton. I find no fault with that, although it's kind of impossible to actually be quite that precise. Now, there's one kind of environmental regulation that generally costs Exelon money without making it money, and that's renewable portfolio standards. In between, you have this whole gamut of EPA regulation of other air pollutants, all of which tend to be good for Exelon. How good depends on how well they work, how sustainable they are, and how much they affect the existing coal capacity. On developing more nuclear plants, as you can see from the Exelon 2020 slide, where it's almost $100 a ton of avoiding carbon, at these demand levels, at these capacity prices, Exelon is simply not going to be building a new nuclear plant. So that's categorical for some time. How do we look at the capacity uprates compared to share buybacks? Well, first we explicitly try to do a comparison of share value with a buyback versus share value with the power uprates. And right now, the share value looks better with the power uprates than it would look with a buyback. We've tried to test this power uprate program. And it comes in various components. Some are very cheap, as you can see on the 2020 chart. Those two narrow, light blue bars you would do under almost any circumstances. The bigger one, the flat bar is what we call the &quot;EPUs.&quot; That's a lot more of the money and more of the megawatts. We do that later when we have tested our revenues more strongly. But we have subjected that analysis to a very wide variety of gas price and power price forecasts, and it continues to provide a positive net present value. So I think the odds of doing this remain very high, and I'm confident we have adequately looked at it compared to a share buyback. These are simply very good projects, even with cheap gas. But the virtue of looking at them separately is we don't have to commit ourselves all at once, so we can keep testing our views of the market before we spend this capital. And as one of our large investors asked earlier, if you're really in cash issues, is this something you could defer or not do, and the answer is, of course it is. It's an entirely discretionary project. Well, first, we thought the NRG acquisition made a lot of sense because it gave them the marketing capability where they had the energy. It's a little harder for us to do that, because we already have marketing capability where we have the energy. But yes, we look, and we do not have a plan for such an acquisition at the present time. A very deft question, and the answer to the end of it is clearly yes. We have plants like Oyster Creek in New Jersey, which is our oldest plant, a single-unit, relatively small plant. And it simply would not withstand the cost of cooling towers. We would shut it down if we had to add cooling towers, or negotiate a shorter remaining life. For most of our plants, they are now relicensed to 60 years. We have not begun to seriously look at periods further than 60 years. We try to look at the capital requirements over the entirety of the next 20 years or so. Basically, our fleet to add 60 years has mostly got between 15 and 30 years of life left. And when we look at it, and when we look at the upgrades, we do our very best to get not only the cost of the upgrades, but the incremental cost of keeping those plants in first-class condition in those analyses. Because as the question asks, with the older plants--and these are all older--there's always something you need to fix, including things as simple as underground pipe. It's all very fun to say you want more digital controls and less analog controls, but it turns out that that's actually cheaper to make that switch than it is to replace some of the original underground pipes. So we're trying to include this in a comprehensive analysis. I'd have to get--I don't know, Matt, if you have anything you want to add. But I think we'd have to have one of our nuclear finance people to go through you line by line on just how we do that. But we do it. Well, it's a properly pointed question, and as the people asking it know, I can't give an equally pointed answer, because it would probably be illegal. Boards decide dividends every quarter as they go. But I will tell you my philosophy on dealing with this. Our dividend is about half of last year's earnings. As you know, we announced a good first quarter this year. Our estimate for this year is $3.70 to $4.00, easily supports our [$2.10] (corrected by Company) dividend. I don't see any risk in that timeframe to the dividend. Now, as you look out at '12 and '13, my philosophy would be to sustain the dividend, even if the payout ratio rises to a higher level than one would normally want. And the reason I say that is I think in 2014 and 2015, these other things come back to our benefit, and we again create the growth and value that you have become accustomed to. So I will urge the Board, as long as I'm here, to hold the dividend as long as we can pay it. And I believe that we will be able to pay it. But that is projection, it's about the future. But the commitment is very strong to the dividend at Exelon. Well, if we could obtain, on attractive terms, more regulated assets, we would like it, partly because the credit rating agencies would like it. But again, we place a very high value on who we are and what we have. And we don't want to give up too much of our upside as the kinds of things I described today return, just to buy us a little more safety over the next year or two. So with us, it's all about numbers. We think this is a trough. We can't tell you if it's a one-year or three-year trough, or maybe if you want to say, too, if it already happened, whether it's a two-year or a four-year trough. But we are quite certain the factors that I've described come back to pay off for us over time, and we don't want to be something other than what we are. It's easy to talk about reregulation, and Dominion did it with particular skill. Tom Farrell does nearly everything with skill. But he was in a state where his nuclear plants weren't really unregulated to start with. And you would not find it very easy to get a good long-term value for our nuclear plants in the states in which we operate, particularly when the industrial customers think they're going to get a lot of value from the competition right now. We've had a period from, say, '94 to 2000, when states that were restructuring or going to competition did better than the states that were fully regulated on keeping prices down. And then we had a period from 2001 or so to 2008, when it was the other way--the fully regulated states looked a little better than the competitive states. Ken, can you help pick up on that? Precisely. Thank you, Hugh. With 26 years of running utilities behind me, I am the dean, whether people wish to recognize it or not. And whether that conveys any particular respect, it's a little bit like being the eldest congressman or something. But this is the tenth year--it's the fifth year, excuse me--that I've had the privilege of speaking at this conference, and I'm pleased to be here with you today. On the other side of Hugh is Ken Cornew, President of the Power Team, who manages our marketing work and will likely chip in to answer some of the questions you may have about energy and capacity markets. And Matt Hilzinger, our CFO, and down in the front row is Stacie Frank, who was promoted to Vice President of Investor Relations a few months back. Now, it's fitting that we're here for the Strategic Decisions Conference, because this is the tenth anniversary of the formation of Exelon, which was the product of several genuinely strategic decisions. First, it was the product of merging Commonwealth Edison Company in Chicago and PECO Energy in Philadelphia. Second, it was the product of reorganizing those companies so that the generation was placed into Exelon Generation, a competitive company whose value is driven, as Hugh very correctly said, by combinations of natural gas prices, energy prices, and capacity prices. And as a result, Exelon as a whole, as Hugh pointed out, is about 25% driven by regulated transmission and distribution revenues, and about 75% by these other commodity factors. Exelon has had a lot of ups and downs in its 10 years. That's what happens when a significant portion of your earnings are tied to commodity markets. But we have consistently been one of the most profitable utilities in our industry. Our total returns through May--yes, just last week--since our formation have been 76%, compared to 51% for the utility sector as a whole, and a negative 8% over that decade for the S&P 500. Now, these total returns don't have the huge glimmer that they did only a couple of years ago, but I respectfully submit they're not bad for a commodity-driven company at the bottom of the commodity cycle. Now, in the 26 years that I've been running utilities, the industry has seen some things remain constant and others change. Things like the importance of good operations, good service, sound balance sheets, and attention to politics and regulation are a constant. Other things today are changing, perhaps faster than they ever have. The implications of smart grids, solar power, and electric vehicle technologies pull our business in different directions. No one is sure how long natural gas remains how cheap. And we are very sure that we are in for an unprecedented decade of regulation in fossil generation, especially coal. If you want a buzz phrase for Exelon, we are the &quot;uncoal-a.&quot; I didn't get that reviewed by saner heads before I tried it. Now, Exelon tries to look at strategy through three documents. The first is our vision statement, which changes very rarely. This version has been around for five years, and it is only slightly different than the one we had when we formed the Company a decade ago. It represents the most basic things that I've learned in 26 years running utilities. We try to speak to it with our employees in great detail, because if you don't, they assume it's just puff. I go through it line by line and word by word with our new management and tell them, &quot;When in doubt, go back to the vision statement. It may actually help you solve a problem or two.&quot; This document reflects who we are and what we want to be. And what we want to be is clearly the best group of electric generation and electric and gas delivery companies in the United States. I would not claim that we are there. I would say we have as good a claim to be there as any other utility does at the present time. Some of the things in this vision statement would be held by nearly any utility, particularly the emphasis on keeping the lights on and the gas flowing and running nuclear plants safely. I like to think, though, that even the ones that we share with other utilities, we hold more strongly than most. Some of the things in this vision statement are different than many utilities. The first one involves our emphasis on environmental leadership and clean nuclear energy. We are the nation's largest nuclear energy producer, and therefore the nation's largest low carbon utility. And we are very proud of that. Exelon 2020 is the industry's most comprehensive plan for procuring energy in a carbon-constrained era and for doing it in an economic way. And we steer our investments in the green direction and in the low-carbon direction, in part because we think that's where public policy goes, but in part because we are quite sure that being there will pay off for all of you over time. Our total revenues are on the order of $16 billion to $17 billion. The '09 auction took $600 million off our prior expectation. The '10 auction returned $400 million. That gives you a sense of how much goes on in each year. And I think you will see further upside next year, especially in the Midwest, as folks bidding have to come to terms with the air pollution regulations that I discussed.Well, the U.S. approach has been to put the spent fuel in underground storage at a place in Nevada called Yucca Mountain. The Senate majority leader, Harry Reid, has made it clear that Yucca Mountain will not be built along as he has something to say about it, and that's likely to be for a very long time indeed. So the industry and the government are exploring alternatives, which are likely to be two to five dry cask surface storage facilities around the country. A number of states have indicated some interest in being the host for such a facility. Whether any of that is reliable remains to be determined. The government has been promising to solve this problem for 50 years. I believe the development of new nuclear technology will be very slow unless the government comes up with some solution we can rely on. Now, there isn't that much difference in other countries; it's just not quite as much a political football. Most waste is stored in most countries. I think France is a bit ahead of us on reprocessing. But the real constraint on using reprocessing to reduce spent fuel volumes is that the current generation of reprocessing creates weapons-grade plutonium, and that raises proliferation risks. So President Bush proposed, in something which is probably dead now, called GNEP, a long-term 30-year plan to bring reprocessing in. I would anticipate sometime in a new Democratic administration we'd see another version of that. The sort of bulletin of atomic scientist people, for lack of a better characterization, are looking for a way to tie nuclear reprocessing to nuclear weapons reductions around the world, and that might be appealing in a new administration. Well, you noted on my supply chart that I have some capacity upgrades in the few hundreds of megawatts that we just think are clearly economic. Then we have another slice that may be possible if price rise beyond their current level to be economic. That's those pale blue bars. You can see that each slice comes at a different cost. Each round, you have to go through very careful regulatory reviews, so don't think that this is just done promiscuously. It can't be and won't be. The new nuclear plants you see right here and we've combined our look at both Texas and Pennsylvania in this. Our principle interest at the moment is in Texas where the market is really pretty good and the political support in Texas is very good indeed. As you can see on this chart, we think it is close to break-even on the economics now with the federal loan guarantees, but as you know, those are not fully funded. Remember, we are talking about building merchant plants not fully regulated plants. So what we're trying to do is to look for some off-take agreements or partnership. If you take our cost estimates and apply it to a 3000-MW two-unit station, you're talking about between $10 billion and $12 billion in today's dollars. If you can get the full 80% loan guarantee, it makes a really big difference, and I think we've got a shot at making the rest of it an economically attractive proposition. We have lots of interest from around the world from people who would like to be partners in the project. Our board has authorized $100 million through the middle of next year. We are just proceeding very carefully. Each time we go through the analysis, we are sharpening up our toolkit because we're not going to do this unless we think we will get a decent rate of return on it. Well, I believe the costs that we are facing as an industry, the costs of higher priced coal, the cost of higher priced natural gas, the cost of higher priced medical benefits, concrete, steel -- the need of customers for ever-improving electric service and the need to deal with the climate challenge put a truly extraordinary amount of pressure on our industry. I think this is a level of price and cost pressure that we haven't seen since the mid '80s. I believe that all companies will be in challenged by these pressures. The difference is that Exelon is largely a market-based company, and we will be exposed to pressures to sustain the legitimacy of those markets, like we were in Illinois a year ago and two years ago, like we are in Pennsylvania today. But others are going to have to sustain those pressures in regulatory proceedings where the temptation is always to cheat. Thank you, Hugh. Were I a wise man, I would simply smile, accept the introduction and go home, because you have said all of the most important things most succinctly. I will try to flesh those bones out a bit for all of you and then answer questions in whatever time Hugh gives us. With me this morning is Chaka Patterson, our Vice President of Investor Relations, and Marybeth Flater from that shop. With me also are Bill Von Hoene, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and Andy Zopp, our Executive Vice President of Human Resources. Chaka has included obligatory forward-looking statements on this slide to keep me out of trouble. That's barely adequate for the purposes, I'm sure. Exelon, for those of you who are relatively new to the industry, was formed in the year 2000 due to the merger of PECO, a Philadelphia-based electric utility, and ComEd and Unicom, the Chicago-based electric utility. After the merger, we formed three operating units -- ComEd and PECO, the regulated delivery companies, and Exelon Generation, the economically unregulated or market-based generation company. Exelon generation has, as Hugh said, the largest nuclear fleet in the nation, I will contend the best-run nuclear fleet in the nation, and certainly the largest and most valuable set of economically unregulated generation assets in the nation. Just to show you where we have come, I will put two of my favorite slides up. On average -- and no year is ever average -- our operating earnings have increased by almost 12% a year since Exelon was formed in the year 2000. Those increases came in the early years, when market prices were low, from intense cost control and improved output. They have come in the later years from some continued improvements in output and from rising prices. Total shareholder return has been over 260%, significantly outpacing both the S&P 500 and the Utility indexes. Of course, the issue that interests all of you and drives me to work every day is how do we continue that sterling record. The second slide raises part of this. We are a genuinely world-class nuclear operator. Out of the problems which plagued both of our predecessor companies at different points, we have forged the largest, deepest and most consistently professional nuclear operating team in the United States. Our industry fleet-wide capacity factor has outpaced the industry average since 1999. With a fleet of 17 units, we have been able to produce the narrowest band of average capacity factors upon -- among our peers. This works by having a very carefully designed management model, implemented by totally committed and passionate people who understand the value of what they do. Our nuclear fleet does not stand alone, however. Hugh said that our delivery companies provide 20% of our earnings and 80% of our headaches. That's perhaps true. The issue is whether the headaches would go away if we didn't have the delivery companies. I tend to think the headaches would just move to a different portion of our anatomy. The success of Exelon is driven by keeping the lights on, which the delivery companies do and do with increasing skill; it is driven by building solid customer and political relationships in our communities, something the delivery companies do; it is built by operating this nuclear fleet superbly, which those folks do; and it is built by having a marketing group in Power Team which tries diligently to avoid fads, to refuse to believe that all of today's good news will last forever, and to engage in a very prudent and conservative marketing plan for all of that power. While we made a mistake or two in our early years, we also believe that the discipline our financial group brings -- a sense that we really are in this for value. It's not a slogan; it's the way of life at Exelon. So while the numbers are easy to show you on our nuclear group, it is in fact the integrated skills of all of those groups which brings you the value that we love to talk to you about. Turning to the next slide, I'm going to talk a little bit about our strategic direction. Chaka can get your our vision statement and all of that. But we focus day in and day out on what's on that document and this one. The vision statement says things in classical employee-directed language. This one is designed to say very simply what we are about. We try to protect the very unique set of values our company brings, to protect them by keeping the lights on, to protect them by protecting competitive markets, to protect them by running our power plants well, and to protect them with financial discipline. We also keep looking to grow, but while we do look constantly at M&A alternatives, we are very conservative on that front. We believe very deeply that the best opportunities we bring to our investors come from the increasing value of our generation assets in an age in which all costs are growing -- coal, as Hugh said; gas as Hugh said; and above all, carbon constraints. This generating fleet we have is a very special set of assets. The strength we bring to the marketplace through our delivery companies are very special sets of assets. Over the past couple of years, &quot;protect&quot; was the key word. Anyone who ran projections -- and nearly all of you did -- could see that, with the frozen rates ending in Illinois, we had a huge upside. As you might expect, we also had a lot of attacks on thatincrease, and for several years, protecting that upside was the heart of our efforts. I'm pleased to say that, last year, we resolved Illinois in a way that the marketplace has found satisfactory. Now, we're looking forward to a similar change of price regime in Pennsylvania -- we, along with PPL and First Energy and Allegheny- and we are seeing similar objections being raised there. We have a long history of constructive settlements in Pennsylvania. There we are only about 35% of the market instead of 70%. I'm quite confident that we will bring about an orderly settlement there; I just can't say when. But in this context, I'd like to focus today not on the &quot;protect&quot; side of the direction, but on the &quot;grow&quot; side. I especially want to talk about Exelon's low-carbon strategy. You all know that climate change is a major scientific economic and political issue. The science is overwhelming; it seems to get more so every day. Action will be taken; the issue is what and when. Action is not easy, however. We are, individually and collectively, carbon-based organisms and we live and flourish in a carbon-based economy. Reducing our carbon footprint will be one of the most difficult technological, economic and political challenges of the 21st Century. Some of you may remember an old Star Trek movie in which a rogue satellite calling itself V'Ger roams the universe destroying carbon-based organisms. Back in that movie, it is perceived as quite an unpleasant thing. Today, people talk about rooting out carbon as if it is a simple opportunity. The real truth is it's a huge challenge. But it's also a huge opportunity for Exelon. To deal with carbon, this nation needs three main forms of action. The first is a comprehensive government policy. I've been working on this for at least the past five years as a Co-Chairman of the National Commission on Energy Policy, an independent bipartisan group. In 2004, that commission called for regulation of greenhouse gas emissions through a cap and trade program with a cost-constrained safety valve. All of the bills that we see working their way through Washington take the form of a cap and trade mechanism. I think it is highly probable that, in either 2009 or 2010, we will see federal legislation imposing a cap and trade system on carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. The most vexing issue is will there be a cost constraint to protect the economy, and how will it work? All three presidential candidates are committed to action on climate change. The National Commission on Energy Policy, however, recognized that simply internalizing the costs into the market will not be enough. Energy policy is tied up in whole arrays of government regulation, government subsidies, government restrictions, government permits. The carrot or the stick is everywhere in this business, more often the stick. We need not only new regulations, we need new machines if we're going to deal with carbon. Now, the second essential, after concerted and comprehensive government actions, is market-driven innovation and investment. There is simply no way to deal with this challenge without government. Neither will command and control do it well by itself. We know of no one technical solution that will deal with an adequate energy supply on a low-carbon basis effectively, so we need the creativity and the never-ending search for efficiency that comes from vibrant markets. We know that energy efficiency offers huge opportunities to reduce carbon. We simply don't know how big and at what price, and customers need to see efficient market prices to respond. But they also need new energy efficiency standards. We will need new coal technologies, but they are very expensive and at least several decades away. We will continue to expand renewable energy, but it also is expensive. Lest I sound like a typical utility executive mouthing a typical slogan, let me point out that, two years ago, the world was running to corn-based ethanol in spite of warnings from Cargill and other grain producers that this was going to have bad effects on the food markets and do little for carbon. Now, it's generally accepted that corn-based ethanol does nothing for carbon and this new demand, while a great boon to farmers, has stressed already-stressed food markets. It really does make a difference when you hurry to adopt things just because they sound good. The truth about renewables, like wind and solar, is that they are very expensive. Then we simply must come to terms with new nuclear energy. Everybody will say &quot;Well, this is the CEO of the big nuclear company, and he's obviously biased.&quot; I can guarantee you that's right; I'm very biased. I've spent a large part of my life on the nuclear business because I believe we need it. But let's go to real economics. My 17 nuclear plants are worth a lot of money in a carbon-constrained era and new nuclear plants will take at least eight years, probably more, to bring on the drawing boards. Simply put, it's an asymmetric risk for me. If you try to build new nuclear plants and they work and they are economic, their named for my successor. If they do not work, they're named for me. I can get that. So it isn't my biases that drive me on nuclear; it's the simple fact that I see no other way for our nation to deal with this. The real inconvenient truth of carbon regulation is that addressing climate change will not be cheap. The Brattle Group did a study for the Edison Foundation, and it projected a $1.5 trillion investment need between now and 2030 just to meet growing demand. With curbing carbon, the number goes to closer to $2 trillion. That depends on doing it with reasonable economics. There are many things that can go wrong with my strategic view. I think it highly unlikely that the early arrival of large quantities of coal gasification will be one of them. Right now, the last numbers I've seen on the cost of a new coal-fired power plant without carbon control are somewhere between $2300 and $2500 a kilowatt and rising. I think any realistic assessment of the cost of a new coal gasification plant, with the separation technology to take out the carbon dioxide and with putting it in underground storage, is going to be well above the cost of nuclear plants. But more than that, I work with my coal burning colleagues every day. None of them see significant amounts of carbon sequestration before 2025. They do not believe any more than I do that they can assign a good number today to what it costs. When people ask me what a new nuclear plant will cost, I say our number is $3400 a kilowatt, minus 5%, plus 25%. It's not a very symmetrical risk band -- and that's today's dollars. When you try to do a risk band like that around a technology that has as many unproven components as carbon sequestration, you have a much larger risk band and it's all on the upside. Well, the ROI in grid enhancement is always what the regulators says it is. Advanced metering and load control simply depend on how committed the regulator is to getting it and to passing through the costs. So let's say the return is 10%, 10.5% on equity. We know in Pennsylvania that the state government is very committed to this. The Commission in Illinois is trying to determine how committed to this it is. We will do what public policy suggests we ought to do in this respect. I think there are big opportunities to save money for customers by increasing one's interruptible load or demand reduction programs, but that's a slightly different answer than what was asked. Now, on the generation front, you get some hints of what I think from our supply curve chart. We think, in the right places, gas-fired combined-cycle technology will make a lot of sense. We believe that a nuclear plant can be made sensible, but it really requires those federal loan guarantee programs and it's a very, very risky project so we're looking for ways to share the risk of a two-unit project in Texas. We think this is really a matter of -- again, go back to my protect and grow chart -- how we protect the upside that exists in our nuclear fleet while acting responsibly to resolve the need for generation and lower-carbon energy for our customers. I don't think there is a new generation investment out there for a large utility that offers some sort of near-term killing. They are all expensive by historic market standards. Well, the various acquirers would all have to state their own objectives. I'm not a psychoanalyst. My objective, when we try to do things, is to make more money for my investors. That's pretty simple. We had a very good transaction worked out with PSEG. Both parties' investors would have been better off had we been able to get it done, but the state regulatory requirements became too high and when they became too high, we backed out as we had promised all of you we would do. Something similar happened in the other transaction.Well, we think exactly what you do on that subject. I think there are at least three or four units in Northern Illinois that are owned by others for which incremental investment to comply with tighter standards would be a very vexing thing indeed. Now, obviously we don't have and aren't allowed to have any peculiar insights into what the owners of those units may be doing. But we intend to be ready when those decisions have to be made. Could we switch now, Frank, would you pick up his question about Illinois? Thank you. Thank you. 8.6 was the answer they gave. I would think capacity, perhaps even more than energy. But I'd like Ken Cornew to pick that one up. Ken? Thank you, Stacie. Good morning, everyone. In the first quarter Exelon was able to beat our own expectations. Our results and our confidence in the balance of the year allow us to raise the bottom of our full-year earnings guidance. As you all know, we are working very hard to manage everything that is within our control and to keep ourselves positioned for the day when commodity markets improve. As the economy recovers and capacity in energy markets improve Exelon, will again increase its value and it will come as either carbon legislation or pollutant regulations impact the oldest and least efficient generating units among our competitors. The timing may be uncertain, but those forces are inescapable. I will begin with a quick overview of the first quarter. As you've seen in the press release, we recorded operating earnings of $1.00 per share, above our guidance range of $0.85 to $0.95 per share. We were able to deliver these results through exceptional operating performance and better than expected load at PECO. Our nuclear fleet achieved a capacity factor of 92.3% -- thank you, Chip -- while conducting five refueling outages. Among these outages was a steam generator replacement at Three Mile Island. The recently completed outage at Quad Cities resulted in plant uprates that marked 100 cumulative megawatts in added capacity since we announced the program last year. ComEd and PECO continue to improve their performance. ComEd recorded its best ever first-quarter results for reliability and frequency of outages. And Denis O'Brien and their team at PECO performed superbly in the face of a series of genuinely extraordinary snowstorms. As a result of our success in the first quarter we are revising our full-year guidance from the $3.60 to $4.00 per share range that we had to $3.70 to $4.00 per share. In addition to the performance this reflects the fact that some of our market conditions at generation are more favorable than our previous forecast. It reflects our continued progress on achieving our O&M targets and, as we told you in January, we now have certainty about our pension expense for the year. Cash from operations is similarly showing improvement. Matt will walk you through the details, but much of the improvement is associated with the cash benefits of the better than expected earnings and with tax planning items. We are putting cash to work in three different ways -- we are maintaining our dividend; we are continuing investing in our nuclear uprates; and we expect to increase our financial flexibility by making a discretionary contribution to our pension funds this year. This will both improve our funded status and reduce our mandatory cash contributions in 2012 and beyond. The precise amount will be determined by our Board sometime this year, but we anticipate that the contribution will be in the neighborhood of $500 million. Before Matt gives you more detail on the financials, I want to update you on what we know about developments in Pennsylvania, Illinois and Washington. In Pennsylvania the headline is obviously PECO's electric and gas distribution rate filings. This is PECO's first delivery rate case filing in 21 years and only the second gas rate case over that period of time. It reflects over $2.5 billion in infrastructure investments in the PECO delivery system while keeping rate increases very moderate. Denis O'Brien has a chart that shows how the average PECO residential customer can offset the entire increase by installing a programmable thermostat and five compact fluorescent light bulbs. In addition, PECO has reached an agreement for the $200 million stimulus award from the Department of Energy to support its smart grid and smart meter deployment. Finally, Exelon Power has heard from PJM that there are some localized transmission improvements that are necessary before the full retirement of Eddystone and Cromby stations. Two of the four units will retire as scheduled in mid-2011 and Generation expects to file for a reliability-must-run agreement for the other two in the second quarter. It will provide for cost recovery and a return, but will be limited in duration and cover only the periods that the units are needed for system reliability. Turning to Illinois, ComEd continues to improve both its operating and its financial performance. Frank Clark and Anne Pramaggiore are constantly successful in finding new ways to deliver cost control and revenue improvement. Because of efforts like these ComEd is on track to achieve an ROE of at least 10% this year. ComEd is preparing for a rate case filing in the second quarter. Despite a consistent low gas price environment impacting power prices, Ken Cornew and his team are constantly looking for opportunities to reduce downside risk through longer-term contracts, through the use of options and localized near-term transmission upgrade investments that reduce congestion. Power Team has seen the basis spread between Ni-Hub and the AEP Dayton hub come back in line with historical levels as we expected and talked to you about back in November. Exelon Generation is planning to invest several millions of dollars in transmission upgrades near the Clinton Station that will lower congestion and improve Clinton's pricing toward the Cinergy hub. Power Team is working with the PJM processes to identify other investments in our operating footprint that will improve energy flows and reduce the seam issues with neighboring RTOs. Now let me say a few words about Washington. I may be the only person in the country willing to say only a few words about Washington. On the heels of the healthcare debate the prevailing wisdom is that the odds for passing climate legislation are slim. I don't disagree with that, but there is a great deal of work going on. John Kerry, Lindsey Graham and Joe Lieberman are working very hard on an economy-wide, sector by sector approach. I anticipate that they will have announcements in this regard next week. It appears that their proposal will continue to regulate carbon emissions in the utility sector on a market-based cap and trade approach. It also appears that what they are doing will include incentives for low emission sources like nuclear. The outcome remains uncertain, but this looks like it will be a bill that has a much better chance of walking than the previous measures. Regardless of the outcome of climate legislation, EPA is moving along with its regulatory approaches to using established statutory requirements in regulating a variety of air pollutants. We expect Administrator Jackson and her staff will come out with the first in a long line of regulations in the next few weeks. Coal-fired generation will face very difficult investment decisions over the years ahead. EPA's effort reinforced for me what has been a guiding principle for Exelon since its creation, that is that the best generation assets are those that run with the lowest emissions profile. Exelon's 17 nuclear reactors are the best of those low emission facilities. We take Exelon 2020 very seriously and we look at it as a value added document and as an investment guideline, not simply as a PR or legislative piece. Thank you all very much, Stacie and her team will continue to answer your questions. And I think that she and her predecessor, Karie Anderson, have done a great job trying to improve the quality of the materials we put out in public so we get to a lot of your questions before the meeting. But we'll keep working on as much clarity as we can provide. Simply put, Exelon is 70% to 75% a commodity driven business and 25% to 30% a regulatory driven business. And the commodity business was a hell of a lot of fun two years ago and it's a lot harder work right now. As our results for the first quarter show, we're able to beat our own model sometimes by hard work and we'll continue to try very hard to do that. We'll try to give you a really good year this year and we'll keep working on the questions you all have about 2012. We have a long time ahead of us before 2012 comes and I'm confident we'll find some good things to do in that intervening period. Thanks a lot for your patience and life at Exelon will be fun again one of these days. I'll let Ken answer most of that, but just let me say, we know all of you are concerned about 2012 prices, so are we. We can't predict just when some mix of tighter capacity, higher gas prices, higher coal prices and some carbon penalty really begins to have an affect. We're very sure it will be there, but whether it's 2012 or 2014 we have no better way to know than you do. So, our approach to this is fundamentally managing our hedging strategy in accordance with what we see, manage the Company so that we take our long-term forecasts and deliver real results that beat those forecasts. And it's kind of funny in my now many, many years, the period from say 2005 to 2008 is the only time I've ever had good long-term five-year forecasts and those turned out to be wrong. Most of my experience has been that you have bad long-term forecasts and you work like hell to make the reality better than what the machine says. And often you succeed. So, that's how we deal with this commodity trough, but with that I'd better let Ken answer the greater detail of your question. Okay, let me start with the first one and Matt and Ken will help me here. I do not think there is a real balance sheet reason for the ratable three-year hedging. But Matt and Ken may have a thought that I don't. Obviously things like supporting the dividends are a reason to have a hedging policy. We have sat back from time to time and said, should we do what Exxon does and simply say our fundamental business is too big to hedge? But we had thought the three-year policy allowed us to bring some stability to earnings and cash flow that we wouldn't have otherwise. And as I think you gathered from an earlier question that Ken answered, he kind of thinks that he's able to get some forward deals now in 2012 that are just a little better than the spots might be when we get out there. There is an anomaly in electricity in that forward markets don't go very far out. And long-term contracts by people with load serving responsibility tend to be at higher prices than the sum of the intervening spot markets. And I think that also supports what Ken is doing. But now, Matt and Ken, tell me what I missed.Good. Ruth Ann Gillis will introduce the next panel and I'll introduce Mayor Nutter when he arrives. Thank you. For the record, you didn't take away the microphone from Greg because he figured out how to do the calculation. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. I'm glad you all found your way down here. Denis is busy greening PECO, which is why all the construction. He's replacing the crown lights, which are a Philadelphia tradition, with new LED lights, which are not only more efficient but will give Denis living color for all his latest ads. In addition, he's put what in the Spring will be a green roof on the lower building. But the green roof is all brown right now so we haven't taken time out of your schedules to tour the green roof. Our basic news today will be to try to explain in a dozen different ways that things at Exelon are basically on track. And if you look down the road three or four years, like a lot of other people, things may be better or things may be worse. But what we know something about is right now and things are pretty good here at Exelon. And as I shall try to make clear, that is not altogether accidental. One of the great things about Philadelphia is that people really do pull together here in a very special way to try to help each other. And I think it's both symbolic of the city and symbolic of Mayor Nutter himself that he was kind enough to agree to come over here today and welcome all of you. Mayor Nutter was sworn in as Philadelphia's 98th Mayor -- that's a fair while -- in January of 2008. And before that, he was a Council member for almost 15 years. As Mayor, he is working on an array of financial issues that are at least as complex as Wall Street. He's working on ethics reform, which is a never-ending challenge in our society. And he's constantly concerned about greening this city.And both sides will be -- on unrealized both sides will be out of operating earnings. That is not fair. You heard me say I have made my recommendations to the governance committee. I expect it to act on them on Monday and on Tuesday I expect the Board to make its selection from the proposals I have made. And I anticipate that they will agree with my recommendations. Incidentally the two people you call horses in a race are both keepers. This is not a claiming of stakes. Matt and Mike are very, very important people in our long-term future. And as long as I'm around here, they will both have roses to wear around their necks. I'm not sure they would look good in roses but -- that is their issue. Now just to go back, I don't see how we could have had a better 2007. Whether it is the operating front, the financial front or the legal and political front, honest to God, I don't think any utility ever had a better year. Now we've told you in December that our expectations for 2008 are relatively flat. That is the reality. I've looked at some forecasts for integrated with 15% growth expectations in a recession with annual rate cases -- let's not kid ourselves. I just don't believe there is a utility out there whose fundamentals are better than ours for 2008 based on the reasons we've put earlier in the statement. And we are working very hard on every way we know how to get you the best possible results in 2008. That is really what we do around here and we haven't stopped being committed to it. Thanks so much. In other words, Matt, both sides will be in GAAP? Sure, but they don't change much. I mean, I think we learned our lesson in PJM East where we're about as big there as we can afford to be. That is also true in the Illinois area. There may be some attractive opportunities in PJM West, but that remains to be seen. Obviously we are interested in parts of the areas to the south of PJM and interested in areas to the west. You've all got your speculations as to who we are talking to. I sat around at an EEI meeting not long ago and it was hard to identify anybody I hadn't talked to at one time or the other. The key thing from our point of view is we're always interested, we're always careful and it's always about value. We just -- we look at our model and we don't see anybody equally well-positioned. So a deal really has to make sense on a whole lot of factors or we're just not going to do one. And we're not going to identify, indeed the surest way to make certain we couldn't do something would be to identify a preferred alternative in a call like this. There are lots of companies out there that make sense under certain price conditions. There is no company that makes sense under any price condition and so we will just go forward in our usual hard-boiled way. But I have never flinched on the proposition that this industry needs to consolidate. You take our estimated numbers for a two-unit nuclear project in Texas; they are about the same size as the total equity on our balance sheet. When you look at other companies, the challenge of building projects like that is even larger. So the need to have real scale to deal with the decisions of the future remains obvious. It is also something that one can only get in very careful negotiations. If it turns out that there is nothing available in the next several years, then what my Board will do is either pick one of my colleagues from inside or do a search outside and find a successor to me when the time is right. It's not one of our crises. Our constant attention is what can we do and will it bring real value to you? I had my 24th anniversary on January 9th running utilities. I was about value in year one and I'm still about value in year 25 and pretty soon I hope you believe me. I think the answer is it was not. Isn't it Mike, additional repurchases? Thank you, Ian. Good morning everyone. I have a cold so if I am croaking it is not depression over the state of the financial market. It is just what is in my chest. And I apologize. I will of course add my own gloss on the fourth-quarter results and '07 performance. I want to say a few words about the current economic environment and I want to begin by commenting on John Young's departure to become Chief Executive Officer of Energy Future Holdings. As you all know, John was a significant contributor here at Exelon and we will miss him. We wish him the best. Frankly I also take pride in the fact that an aggressive outfit like that wants one of our people to run it. But what I really want to comment on is -- was stimulated by a couple of articles on succession issues here at Exelon. And we don't have and aren't haunted by a succession issue. First, I plan to be here at least several more years; second, we have a deep bench. You will see that as we announce the succession to John and his position. If I were for some reason hit by the proverbial bus, beer truck or some other kind of truck which is what is always used for the emergency discussion in Board meetings, we have several people who could step in on a temporary and perhaps on a permanent basis. Third, as we go through the course of this year and early next, if my Board decides to look outside for a successor, there will be no shortage of highly qualified applicants. I simply have the very best job in the electricity business and you'd be surprised how many people have found excuses to jingle my phone since John's announcement. So the real point I want to make is the Board and I regularly discuss succession planning. Those discussions will be accelerated some time this year and next. We don't need to do some kind of M&A transaction to solve a succession issue. There is only one criterion around here for transactions. That is value creation for our shareholders and our customers. As to replacing John, I have made my recommendations to our governance committee. It will meet on them next Monday and I expect that at Tuesday's Board meeting we will announce how we are restaffing and restructuring our finance department. But let me say that between Matthew Hilzinger and Michael Metzner, we have a great deal of quality in our finance department. You've gotten to know some of these people already and you will get to know more of them in the near future. Turning to the results, it's hard for me to display the proper air of jubilation in the kind of the stock market we are in. But even a basset hound has to howl once in a while. And we had the kind of year that we should be truly ecstatic about. For the seventh consecutive year, we improved both our operating earnings and our operating performance. Over the past seven years, our operating earnings have increased an average of about 12% per year and our dividend has increased an average of about 13% per year. If you want to look at our GAAP earnings, we turned in total earnings of $2.7 billion compared to about $1.6 billion in the prior year. I believe we not only had our best year ever, but probably one of the best in the entire history of the electricity industry. And I'm terribly proud of what our team has done and what our unique set of assets are positioned to do. Consistent with our value return policy we both raised the dividend from $1.76 to $2.00 per share in December and last year we announced two separate share repurchases; one for $1.25 billion in September and another one for $500 million in December. We anticipate completing the $1.25 billion repurchase in February and we will execute the $500 million share repurchase shortly thereafter. I've asked Mr. Metzner why he isn't doing it today, but he says we can't while we are finishing the $1.25 million and so you haven't given us this wonderful opportunity. As we indicated at our investor conference in December, we expect to have cash available this year for additional buybacks beyond what we have already approved and of course any additional share repurchase requires [board] approval. Exelon's financial success rests on three things. All are essential; its operating performance, its financial discipline and its package of legal and regulatory skills. We watch all three of these drivers all of the time and 2007 showed how well we can do that. Starting with our nuclear performance, in 2007, Chris Crane and his nuclear team achieved an average capacity factor of 94.5%, an all-time record for this Company and our fifth consecutive year of above 93%. It's only three years ago we were telling you all that Chris would be a fine successor to Oliver Kingsley in the nuclear program. I think in those three years Chris has become almost the senior statesman of the nuclear industry and we are very proud of what he has done. The industry average capacity factor for last year was approximately 90% compared to our 94.5% with the biggest fleet. Exelon's generating units produced 955,000 megawatt hours, more than the previous record established in 2006. Safety and environmental performance at Exelon Nuclear also improved with the plants recording their lowest industrial accident rate and lowest number of unplanned automatic shutdowns ever. But our success is not just a matter of good leadership although Chris has given that. It's not just a matter of hard work although lots of people at nuclear give that. It is also a matter of continued investment. We put over $400 million a year in non-fuel investment into our nuclear fleet since the year 2000. We have upgraded our fleet by more than 1,100 megawatts with approximately 200 megawatts more in the works over the next few years. We are working hard to complete the license renewal of Oyster Creek. We have also begun work on a combined Construction and Operating License application for a potential nuclear plant in Victoria County, Texas. Of course our decision to actually build that facility is still a ways off and depends on many things including very largely, federal funding of the loan guarantees included in the 2005 Energy Policy Act. Mark Schiavoni and his team continued to operate our fossil plants economically and safely. Mark's team also operates our Conowingo hydroelectric station in Maryland and the Fairless Hills station in Pennsylvania. In the last two years, we've brought an additional 24 megawatts on-line at Conowingo bringing its total capacity to 572 megawatts. Fairless Hills in turn is the second-largest landfill gas energy generation facility in the country. Fairless captures methane and uses it to generate electricity. In the last five years, capacity at Fairless Hills has increased more than 40%. Of course with landfill methane, that is not a huge number of megawatts. Our best-in-class nuclear fleet and our growing portfolio of renewable energy has made Exelon one of the largest low carbon electricity generators in the United States. Our Power Team led by Ian McLean, whom you've already heard from, delivered another distinguished performance in turning our operations into commercial success. They also successfully managed our participation in the PJM RPM auction and will continue to do so in 2008. Ian, Ken Cornew, and Joe Dominguez negotiated the final swap -- financial swap contract with ComEd as part of the settlement agreement in the state of Illinois. This contract protects the value of the generation by allowing ExGen to continue to sell its output into a competitive market at market price. Because the financial swap only provides base load energy, it gives us a great energy hedge while leaving the capacity available to bid into the RPM auctions. As you recall the settlement agreement also avoided the generation tax and reduced the uncertainty around conditions for ICC approval for transactions such as reorganizations and mergers. ComEd's reliability performance for the year both for duration and frequency of outage was at or right around target due to an unusually high number of storms for the year. ComEd's handling of a major storm in August that knocked out over 600,000 customers was genuinely exceptional. In all, ComEd returned service to approximately 634,000 customers within five days bringing back 75% of those affected in one day and 90% in 48 hours. Said ICC Chairman Box, &quot;I think they did a wonderful job.&quot; As you know, we don't hear those words in Illinois a lot. ComEd successfully weathered one of the most severe regulatory and legislative storms I've seen in my 24 years running electric utilities. After over two years of conflict, last fall ComEd reached a comprehensive rate relief settlement with the state of Illinois. While it was costly, the settlement at last resolved many of the issues arising from the end of the transition period in Illinois while protecting the vital interests of the Company, its shareholders, and our customers. ComEd filed a distribution rate case with the ICC in October, made an energy efficiency filing in November and reached a very favorable transmission rate settlement with the FERC. ComEd is engaged on all fronts and is beginning down its road to financial recovery. Frank Clark, Anne Pramaggiore and John Costello all deserve enormous credit for what has been accomplished at ComEd. In Pennsylvania, Dennis O'Brien, Lisa Crutchfield and their colleagues are delivering good returns, improving their delivery performance and coping with a new set of challenges in that jurisdiction. PECO's year-end reliability numbers were better than target with outage frequency results in the city of Philadelphia reaching an all-time best. PECO successfully managed a very warm summer including an extreme heat wave in August. It also experienced nine of its top 15 peak-days this summer without significant incident. Earlier this year, Governor Rendell announced a far-reaching energy independence initiative to address the impact of rate transitions in Pennsylvania on customers and to establish Pennsylvania as a leader in the use of low carbon energy technologies. The governor's initiative made little progress during the regular legislative session, so in September he called a special session to take up the matter again. Now more than 60 bills have been introduced. Many of these would advance conservation and total load management which we support subject to economic limitations. Others would impose unacceptable rate caps for taxes on our generation business. It now appears that the Legislature will have to take up these issues again in the session that started last week. We think about it all the time. I think the answer you will get is the same you got in December. Obviously one factor that is very important to us is whether ComEd is treated in our view fairly in the forthcoming rate case decision. That is probably the biggest single milestone. But the real point is we watch things like Entergy's spin-off of its nuclear plants and other jurisdictions. We talk to investor banker -- investment bankers about the potential value of separation. We continue not to find a convincing case to separate. We continue to think that there is value in having these companies together. If we get to the point where there is unequivocal reason to believe that retail companies can't be treated fairly under that umbrella, then of course we will have to make the other decision. But we do not see that at the present time. So you got a very different answer on two questions. I think those are two very different answers. As you know in the last session, additional funds were authorized for the loan guarantee program. Some people called it the Senate's thank-you gift Senator Domenici for years of service. So it has been one shot that I think is now pretty solid. But it has to be thought that how much funding there will be for the loan program is very much up in the air as we look forward, not only because of the stimulus package and the economy but because of the pending presidential election. So I don't really think we are going to have anything we can take to the bank -- that is a funny phrase in this economy -- on that until some time in mid 2009. Now here is the way we've coped with that at Exelon. Our Board has authorized $100 million to be spent on our nuclear project through some time in mid to late 2009. We did that so we could work on the licenses. We did that so we could get a place in line on forgings in Japan and that sort of thing. But we are writing nearly all of those expenditures off as we go. In other words, we are trying to take the very conservative approach that we just don't know until we get into 2009. Now I'm also Chairman of the Nuclear Energy Institute this year and I can assure you that NEI has at the very top of its agenda getting those loan guarantee programs funded. But frankly your guess is as good as mine in the current political environment. Now carbon I think is an altogether different matter. I think the potential for carbon legislation only increases. Whether it is 2009 or 2010 I can't say. I would've said 2009 -- Betsy Moler, who knows better, says that nothing much happens in the first year of a new administration. She has been there, and I haven't. But there is so much evidence and so much passion around this topic that to me it is inconceivable there won't be legislation. The real question in my mind is not whether there will be legislation, it is what they do in the early years. There is almost sure to be legislation with some very dramatic 30-year goal and 50-year goal. The issue is will they enact the legislation in a way that creates orderly markets in carbon abatement allowance prices starting as soon as possible. We at Exelon favor, for all sorts of reasons, that the new program should start as early as possible. That it should start with some kind of cost containment mechanism so that prices don't go whackers in the early years, but that it should start with a definitive track because we think the ultimate cost of a change here is going to be somewhere between $50 and $100 a ton. And we don't think costs of that level should be imposed on the economy in the early years but we think you have to have an orderly progression that gets you to cost on that level. Now I heard Roger Altman, who was in the Bill Clinton Treasury Department speak at EEI the other day and he said either major Democratic candidate will likely impose proposed legislation that is more severe than Lieberman-Warner, not less. So I don't think you are going to see Congress backing away from the need for carbon legislation. The issue is how soon the legislation takes effect and how orderly is the market it creates on the road to dealing with this very expensive problem. We couldn't hear the beginning of your comments Daniele.The philosophy is very simple. If we have excess cash and we do not have an acquisition opportunity that we think we can convince you is a very good place to put your money, we'll give the money back to you. Beyond that, let me defer to John. Thank you, Frank. Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. This morning I will add a little perspective to 2006 and offer some thoughts on our strategy going forward, especially as it is affected by the national debate on competitive markets and global climate change. As you all know, 2006 was a very demanding year at Exelon. We faced serious regulatory challenges in both Missouri and Illinois. Arguably we lost in New Jersey, but we kept our commitment to financial discipline as we had promised we would. In Illinois, the ComEd team has been successful in making the Illinois Restructuring Act work. I think it's fair to say that we have discussed the Illinois political issues with you almost to the point of exhaustion. The real story for 2006 at Exelon is that we continue to be one of the most successful companies in our industry. For the sixth consecutive year, we have improved our operating performance and our operating earnings. As John Young has already reported, our year-over-year operating earnings per share increased 4% from $3.10 to $3.22 in spite of relatively unfavorable weather. On a weather normalized basis, operating earnings would have been up about 10%. Over the past six years, operating earnings have increased by almost 9% per year. This success is the product of unrelenting focus on operating performance, disciplined financial management, and sound approaches to regulation -- the continuing basics of our business. In the nuclear area, Chris Crane and his team achieved a new fleet Generation record for the fourth consecutive year, producing over 131,000 gigawatt hours in 2006. Nuclear achieved a 93.9% capacity factor for the full year, the second-highest ever recorded by the fleet, compared with 93.5% for 2005. It also set a summer capacity record at 98.1%. Our average refueling outage duration was 24 days, an improvement over 2005 and significantly better than the 2006 industry average of 39 days. Exelon executed four of the five shortest refueling outages in the country in 2006. Notably with all these accomplishments, Nuclear also recorded its best worker safety record in the Company's history. The Salem Hope Creek site also set a new combined site capacity factor of 95.7% for 2006 with refueling outage duration averaging 25 days. As many of you know, the site management is being transitioned back to PSEG under the termination provision of the Nuclear Operating Service Contract. The three senior leaders of Exelon's on-site team were hired by PSEG effective January 1, and Exelon Generation is transitioning out of the management of the site. We are committed to a smooth transition and to continued safe operations. In our Fossil area, Mark Schiavoni and his team have delivered a great year. Our Fossil and Hydro fleet finished the year with commercial and equivalent availability factor of 93.5% and 95% respectively, the highest commercial availability ever achieved by the Fossil team. Power Team, led by Ian McLean, delivered another distinguished performance in turning our operational prowess into commercial success. Despite somewhat lower gas and power prices and lower load volumes, the Power Team hedged and optimized our portfolio to again deliver above budget growth and profitability. I am especially grateful to Ian, Ken Cornew and their team for that work this year. At ComEd, a competitive auction was successfully conducted in Illinois to meet ComEd's continuing load obligation. The end result of the auction and ComEd's delivery service rate case was an overall rate for its customers that is less than it was approved by regulators in 1995, 12 years ago. It seems fairly clear that competition is working in Illinois in spite of what some would say. And PECO, although challenged by twice as many storms as would be more typical, still had one of its best years in non-storm reliability. We expect PECO to recover from the severe weather and again show improvement in reliability this year. As a consequence of our continued financial and operating performance, you have again rewarded us by making us the most highly valued company in the industry. Our stock grows more than 16% in 2006 from $53.14 on December 30 to $61.89 on December 29, 2006. Our year-end market capitalization exceeded $41 billion, and it's a little over $40 billion as we speak. As I discussed at length at our annual investor conference, our strategy going forward has two components. First, we must protect the value that we have created. This requires delivering continued superior operating performance and constantly improving it. It requires supporting competitive markets. It requires protecting the market value of our Generation and building healthy self-sustaining delivery companies. It is often said that the best defense is a good offense. In the utility business, it often is the other way around. In this case, what works for the Bears works for Exelon. Second, as we look forward, we will be dedicated to growing future value by improving even more our performance, continuing to use our financial discipline, evaluating new growth opportunities, and advancing our environmental strategy. I should also say that the value return policy we announced last fall is also part of this. The components of our strategy are increasingly affected by two overarching policy debates. One is about the continued viability of wholesale markets and the other is about climate change. In our view, the evidence is simply overwhelming that competition at the wholesale level has delivered huge public benefits. Even apart from ComEd's recent experience with the auction in Illinois, studies by PJM, by CERA, GAO, and Synapse have all confirmed that wholesale competition has, one, improved the operating performance of existing generating units; two, reduced their cost of operation; three, resulted in the construction of significant new generation; and four, passed along significant price reductions to customers. I think I should defer that to Frank. Let me say that the CUB can oppose the auction process all it wants. The contracts are signed and they have no magic wand to make them go away. I will start with a short answer and then refer this to Jack Skolds who can do better than I. We believe that through the Exelon Way program, we were able to stem cost increases for a number of years, but we did not reinvent the whole world, and operating these nuclear fleets does require continued expenditure. We're starting to see this now both in the operating area and the pension area. And while we keep looking, we haven't found new ways to overcome those trends on a going-forward basis. Jack? Daniele, I think Ian should answer that. I'd just like to pick up one other thing just to sort of wrap up because we're running out of time. Joyce says we have time maybe for one more question, but I want to get one more answer in even if there is not that question. One of you in a prior call was kind enough to say that Exelon is appropriately priced at today's market values for energy and that implies an almost free option on whatever the benefits of carbon regulation may be for a nuclear fleet. I will leave words like free for other people to use, but I simply want to reemphasize that as you look at these pressures of carbon, I do not see where you have an investment play better than our nuclear fleet. And as you think about some of the other things that affect what has historically been a cyclical industry, issues like whatever the future of the dividend taxation may be, again I think you'll look and you'll find your investment in us pretty well-positioned for dealing with those uncertainties. What I would say is we'll try to continue to do going forward as we have in the past, which is to tell you in as far advance as we can where our problems and issues are and then to deal with them as effectively as we can. But I think if you look at us on a relative basis in this industry, we're positioned even better going forward than we have been over the past few years. Joyce, do you still have time for one more question? Thank you, everybody. Again, let me say that we would have liked a little more December in December, but we are very pleased with last year. On the carbon front, I was looking at the newspapers late last week, watching the announcements from the U.S. Cap Group which consists of GE and my friend Jim Rogers at Duke and Lou Hay at FPL and [Peter Darby]. And I growl to Betsy Moler, who heads our Washington office, &quot;How come I've been working on this for four years and they get all the credit?&quot; And Betsy looks at me and said, &quot;Well, John, there are show horses and work horses, and you are just stuck. You're always going to be a workhorse.&quot; So my message is admire the Arabians, invest in the Clydesdales. There are two things that John and Ian and Jack don't let me deal with. One is buttons and the other is numbers, so I will leave those for my colleagues. But just let me say that we have obviously seen the sort of heady gas peak tail and probably they've tailed a lot more because we have a winter without a winter right now. But I think as we look forward you can see that Ian has dealt with that problem pretty effectively with his hedging strategy and we are seeing a tightening in capacity need all across this country. New Jersey is basically baseload capacity short. The rest of PJM East is slowly getting tight on baseload capacity. And while the Midwest, like Illinois, still has enough, it will need more new peaking capacity within a reasonable amount of time. What this tells me is that the potential feature for power prices both have to reflect the price of gas under more normal weather conditions and an increasingly tight capacity market. So that is my lead in. John, Jack, Ian, which one of you wants to pick up and answer his real question? 'When?' is an impossible question to answer. I am not at the present time certain there will be one. This stalemate may be the resolution and if so, the Illinois Commerce Commission is adequately and effectively implementing the existing law. As Frank made oh so clear, the various Exelon companies would like to come out with a harmonious and more durable resolution that affects our interests and your rights as investors in our unregulated Generation properties, and we have tried to be adaptable, flexible, creative, and we will continue to try to do that. But frankly, you can't have a resolution beyond stalemate without something that makes Senate President Jones happy, the Governor happy, the Speaker of the House, Mr. Madigan, happy. And I can't foresee what that would be, but because except for the rate freeze, which we can't bear and your rights won't bear, I do not know what might make Speaker Madigan happy. Frank, want to add to that? Well, we keep wire brushing our whole set of M&A options, but as you know, doing anything is a matter of when the time is right for us and when the time is right for a potential partner, and those things are both inherently unpredictable. I think the operative wording here are patience and discipline. We have lots of bright ideas, but which ones are possible and when they are possible is something my lawyers would not let me talk about if I did have an answer. I really want to emphasize the patience and discipline though. We have plenty of work to do here at home at this moment. And on the nuclear plant, commitment and new nuclear plant don't really belong in the same sentence, at the moment. I think the Yucca Mountain project has been in big trouble for some time. The election I think makes it virtually impossible for there to be progress on Yucca Mountain in the near future. Yes. Go ahead, Ian. I would stand by with great cheer if there are those who are braver than I. This nation needs new nuclear plants. It needs it for climate and a whole lot of other reasons. If other people are braver with their investor's money than I am, I will cheer for them and bask in your confidence at the same time.That's a much easier question than the first one. I don't know what the long-term growth rate will be. I mean we're still obviously hammering to try to keep numbers like 5% over the next three years, but I don't know what we will do. Thanks, Vic. Thank you, Vic, we try. When you're Barry's height, you can afford to say things modestly. Yes. I have put a tourniquet on my speculator [laughter]. You're not going to hear any more estimates of that sort because as far as I'm concerned I tried to hurry and it didn't help. Now I'm going to be very patient. But I don't think the key to it is the legislature, I think we'll try to work it through the regulatory process in a more standard way. One of the reasons I'm going to be patient, is there's a whole lot of speculation running around now in the wake of the events of the last year that wholesale prices are going to stay down. I don't believe it. I don't believe they can. I think they're going to improve from here, and I'm not going to be in a big hurry to make a deal based on today's wholesale prices when the system was not willing to give me what I think was a fair appreciation of the future. So I'm going to let a little more of the future unfold. Well, this is John. I'll handle the first part of your question while Bob's getting ready to handle the second part. But on the first part, several years back we adopted a formal policy which suggested that we would try to have our dividend within 50 to 60%, as I remember it, of the earnings of our regulated subsidiaries. As time has gone on, both I and the Board are looking more to what we believe to be the sustainable earnings of the corporation as a whole. And, Bob has got an elegant formula that he's put together based on his own judgment and talks with some of you about what percentage of Genco's earnings you might include in the formula and what percentage of the retail company's earnings. But the essence of our thinking is, we would hope, over time, to move from around 40% of our operating earnings which is where this particular rate puts us up towards around 50%. That said, I don't, at the present time, think it's likely that we do another out-of-step increase in the following year. I think we'll look at another increase next year when we have another year's earnings behind us. The out-of-step increase last year was partly a function of the congressional action, and partly a function of the fact that when we looked at everything, we just didn't think we had done enough the first time. With 10%, we think we've done very well this time, and I wouldn't expect to revisit that before another year goes by. Bob? Good afternoon, Kit. Thank you very much. Well, I keep looking with that hope in mind, but every time I see something, I take a shower. Our basic view, and we are intransigent about this, is we have to be very confident that any M&A activity is both promptly accretive in earnings and creates a sound return on investment given the risks of the transaction. And for the last, I don't know, five or six years, one of the other of you have walked me through those two criteria and if I don't mention them both, I always get a chastizing phone call, but yes, we really mean both. And what we find is that means that really good acquisition opportunities are rare and the time has to be perfect and the opportunity has to be very good and the social conditions have to be very good. Thank you, Bob. Thank you, Linda. I will be referring to some extend to what I believe is flag five in your e-mail product that's called, &quot;Accomplishments Creating Real Value.&quot; It's now three years and about three months since Exelon was formed. And at that time, we met with the financial community to discuss our outlook. We told you that our goal for the three years, 2001 through 2003 was to provide 10% annual growth in operating earnings. As we sit here today, I can say that on an operating earnings basis, as we have described, we met that objective. Over the past three years, since Exelon was formed, we have posted operating earnings growth in excess of 10% annual average. Now, I'm always reminded of the virtues of the legal disclaimer we put in front of these presentations, because it does, in fact, turn out the world is never quite like you expected it to be. Our earnings growth has not been generated in the way we expected. When we met with you back in November of 2000, we expected our growth drivers to be our investment Sithe, our investments in telecommunications and our investments in energy services. As you all know, those have led to very substantial write-offs which we have taken in a very hard headed fashion. We were advocating the same growth model as many other companies in the industry, fortunately, we did not make the bets so large. You all know what happened, the wholesale power market collapsed, at least for awhile. The telecommunications industry collapsed and the U.S. economy contracted. All of our competitors faced the same challenge that we face, and many of these companies are either half the size they were in 2000, in fact some of them are gone completely. Since the date of our merger in October of 2000, Exelon's stock price is up 11.5%. Both the Philadelphia Utility Index and the S&P Electric are down more than 15%. The S&P 500 is down 20%. Exelon has outperformed the industry by more than 25% and the S&P 500 by more than 30%. Now, obviously we have done it in the way we planned. We have done it by the very hard work of increasing the productivity of our nuclear units, increasing the productivity of our other core businesses, and constantly hunting for better earnings and better cash flow wherever we can find it. Six years ago, and I use that number rather than five just because six happens to be my career with Exelon and its predecessor, Unicom, six years ago, at the end of '97 the combined market cap of Unicom and PECO was $12.1 billion. At the end of 2003, the market cap of Exelon was $21.7 billion. A $9.6 billion value creation. Over that same time period, [Suzerd] the only utility which currently exceeds us in market cap, increased by only $4.2 billion. The list of companies that actually destroyed value is almost as long as the list that created value. People go to jail for that. Thank you. Yes. I agree with that, but I haven't stopped being optimistic because I think that the facts are on our side. Let me just reiterate what I think the key facts will predicate on. One, we have made very substantial investments in RT&D system. I believe that under normal standard vanilla grape making principles, they will entitle us to TND rate increases, which if they were done in a totally separate proceeding from a bundled rate, would be on the general order of 25%. Don't hold me to the precision of that, but that's a rough approximation. And what that means is when you calculate a 2007 bundled rate, you get to a much lower required price of power to maintain the general price. Second, as I've said before, I think the market will tighten. Every projection we have shows excess capacity becoming smaller, indeed by something like '08 or '09 it mostly disappears. In addition, every projection we have talks about continued relatively high gas prices and continued volatile gas prices. So I think we're going to see more volatile prices through a year as a kind of regular thing, but on the whole, higher. And third, the other element of this is the difference between the value of a digital product of say 500 megawatts of capacity defined over a particular time, and what I would call the analog product of a low following, very large product. And to the extent that we have seen a public verification of what a large low following product is worth, it is the New Jersey auction, and the New Jersey auction came in with numbers that I believe were significantly higher than we would require to give you good earnings. I'd also note that the proposal's first energy has afloat are also at least as high and maybe a little higher than we would need to give you good earnings. So I believe the fundamentals are right. I think I tried to do too much too fast in October and November, and ended up with a mud pie on my face. But we didn't march ahead with the acquisition as a result, and now we'll go back to doing things the way we've always done them, which is make good regulatory cases, listen to our opponents, we'll try very hard to reach a deal with the Citizens Utility Board. We'll try very hard to reach some agreements with the Attorney General and with folks like Midwest Generation, and my guess is we won't ever make a deal with all of the above, but I think we'll be able to put together an agreement that will serve you well. I just can't tell you right now whether it will be in 2004, or '05 or '06. I'm hurrying the hell out of people inside because I want to have the best information and best positions we can, but I'm not going to try to hurry the people outside again because I tried it and it didn't work. Barry is very big, so he's very cool. We would not be okay with it, we don't anticipate it. Did I say that too strongly, Robert? Thanks for the compliment, David. Hi, David.I mean, we have stress tested these projects against a very wide variety of assumptions and they continue to make sense. But if we should get an even worse gas price scenario than we foresee, you'd have to say delaying some of these things might make more sense if the choice was delaying them or cutting the dividend and we simply don't want to cut that dividend. It's pretty clear what we think we owe you on that; we're going to do our level best to keep that. Now where this all gets tied in with the prior question, Jonathan, is that as we look at this you could get to a point of saying, well, should we come to you and say it's worth issuing some equity to sustain the EPU program? Well, we might do that if it comes to that, but that's not what we foresee at the present time. Let me hit the first part first. We consider maintaining our investment grade credit rating as the most important constraint on our ability to pay the dividend. And when we did the modeling that I described and reviewed it with our Board, we believe that we will be able to sustain a 30% ratio on S&P's key funds flow from operation over debt requirements metric. We think there might be room to sustain investment-grade ratings if you fell below that to say 25% even in a stress case -- in a particular stress year, as long as S&P felt that that wouldn't last for more than a year. But one wouldn't like to plan on that. In looking at our ability to sustain the dividend, we've not only looked at what's happening with gas prices and some variations around that, we've looked at our ability to adjust our capital programs and our continued ability to manage our costs. And in that context we do not foresee having to issue equity to sustain those credit ratings. Now you can run as many different models as we do and you can always find one model that might require something like that. But that's not our expectation or anticipation. And the point I was trying to make very, very carefully is in this environment payout ratio doesn't concern me much, but maintaining an investment grade credit rating concerns me a great deal. I'm committed to doing that, but I don't believe it will require any extraordinary new capital actions to do that. I think the place you should look for us to try to adapt is in some of our capital expenditure plans. Now switching to M&A, by now you all really know me; I've been around longer than moss on oak trees. I'm always looking because I think consolidation is a good thing and an important thing. I continue to believe that good deals remain hard to get and hard to execute. God knows we've tried. But we will continue to look and we'll continue to be absolutely rabid that it has to add near-term value for you, our investors, if we're going to do anything. We believe more scale would be good. We would like to have some assets that are more counter cyclical with our merchant generation. We'd like to have more merchant generation if we can get it at a low enough price. But when we look, we look first at the financial returns; second at how we can do it consistent with maintaining our investment grade rating; third, whether it diversifies our own risks; and we're just very bloody careful, like we have been for a very long time. You all know I'm willing to try, you all know I'm willing to fail before I'm willing to pay too much. I'm not going to change on that. I think that might be the reconciling factor. I'm getting a couple of nods around the table. Good morning, everyone. We are delighted to report that we had another good quarter, another quarter that beats consensus; at least until some of you changed that consensus earlier this week. Before I get to the quarter and some of the areas I want to comment on specifically, I'd like to spend just a minute reflecting. This is the 10th anniversary of Exelon's creation. The merger of ComEd and PECO remains the largest and most successful merger in the recent history of the utility industry. Over that 10 years our total shareholder return has been 107% compared to the S&P 500 which is only 2% and the Philadelphia Utility Index at 76%. We have increased the dividend by almost 250% from $0.85 per share in 2001 to $2.10 per share this year. We have improved the operational performance of our nuclear fleet to capacity factors which have consistently averaged over 93% in recent years. Both ComEd and PECO have improved their reliability records and ComEd has significantly improved its safety record to more or less catch up with PECO's. We have generated strong earnings and cash flows and continue to do so during a cyclical trough in the commodity markets. We have exhibited the financial discipline to maintain investment-grade bond ratings even while the power markets are weak. The hedging approach of Power Team has created close to $3 billion in incremental value over the past two years as commodity prices have suffered. Now all of this is history of course, but we think we have created that history while building what is absolutely the best platform for future upside in our business, and we think most of you agree with that. Turning to the quarter, as you saw in our announcement this morning, we reported operating earnings of $1.11 per share. Our nuclear fleet attained a capacity factor of over 95% for the quarter. We were helped by a warm summer in both Chicago and Philadelphia, which contributed $0.06 of favorability versus normal weather. But constant attention to cost control and constant efforts to lock in attractive hedge prices helped as well. Our year-to-date results put us in a strong position for the full year. We are again adjusting our operating earnings guidance range, currently at $3.80 to $4.10, and raising it to the upper half of that range, or $3.95 to $4.10 per share. Hard work and a little good fortune has brought us a long way since the estimates we had back at the beginning of the year. On the last quarterly earnings call I outlined in detail one of the key elements of our value proposition. We simply have more cleaner, lower-carbon, lower air pollution power than anyone else in our industry. And we continue to believe that that power will be rewarded by better prices as EPA tightens its environmental regulations and as the combination of those tight environmental regulations and low gas prices affect the energy and capacity markets across PJM. Let there be no doubt EPA continues to move forward. Indeed it is required to do so by orders of the federal courts including the United States Supreme Court. At the celebration of the 40th anniversary of the Clean Air Act last month, administrator Lisa Jackson reiterated her commitment to move forward with hazardous air pollution rules on schedule. The comment period for EPA's transport rule expired on October 1, clearing the way for EPA to move forward with developing its final rules on nitrogen oxides and sulfur oxides. Now of course some of my colleagues in the industry contend that this timeline must shift and there may be a case or two where that happens. But it is a very different thing to delay climate legislation than it is to prevent the enforcement of hazardous air pollutant regulations. Even Tea Party people don't like mercury in their tea. We do not believe EPA's enforcement activities will be greatly delayed. A change in EPA's authority to regulate hazardous air pollutants would require congressional action to overturn the Clean Air Act. Absent that sort of congressional action, and its approval by the President, EPA's regulations go forward. Now while many people say this cannot be, generators are already planning for this future. We have already seen announcements of more than 4,000 megawatts of coal to be retired or mothballed in PJM over the next five years. This of course includes our own units at Cromby and Eddystone which will be retired by mid-2012. And we are progressing with FERC on the reliability must run compensation until that time. There have been other announcements as recently as those by AEP earlier this week of additional smaller and older units in PJM that have been identified by their operators as &quot;fully exposed&quot; to EPA regulations. I was wondering with my colleagues how one illustrates this the other day and what came to mind was a picture of a 1959 Cadillac. The kind of plants that we are talking about here, from the late 1940s and from the 1950s, are as antiquated as a 1959 Cadillac would be today. And it should come as no great surprise that their life is nearing an end. We think there are about 11,000 megawatts in PJM which are at significant risk to be retired as EPA moves forward with its hazardous air pollutant regulations. We will be prepared at the financial conference to show you the form of our analysis of this in greater detail. But when these and other retirements occur, and when generators begin to incorporate the cost of additional requirements in their surviving plants, we expect to see both capacity and energy prices begin to rise. As we have discussed with you before, the price at which Exelon Generation sells power is fundamentally a product of three factors -- natural gas prices, which we agree will be low for some time; energy prices, and capacity prices. And as you know, we've already seen some improvement in capacity prices in the PJM auction that occurred last May. The upsides in future energy and capacity prices are clearly positive for Exelon and its long-term value. We don't know exactly how much or exactly when, if we did we'd love to tell you. You don't know exactly how much or exactly when. But we know and you know that this is the fleet that is best positioned to prosper in the second half of this decade. That is why our operating performance, our healthy balance sheet and the yield from our $2.10 per share dividend are all the more important now. Simply put, Exelon offers the best upside in our industry and a dividend yield of nearly 5% as we go forward. Many of you recognize what a key value factor that dividend is and in Bill Von Hoene's recent tour to visit you, many of you have asked can you sustain it with the earnings pressure you're likely to experience in 2012 and 2013? While ultimately our Board is required to make a dividend decision each quarter, I have carefully reviewed our financial and market projections for the next two, three and five years with our Board at our most recent annual planning meeting. Our Board shares my view that maintaining our dividend is extremely important. Neither my management, nor I, nor our Board see an early recovery in gas prices; we see the same shale gas pressures that you do, we see the same supply and demand factors that you do. But we don't need a big recovery in gas markets to maintain our dividend at its current level. And if gas prices stay where they're now forecasted, I believe we can maintain the dividend and continue our planned capital expenditure program, as well of course as meeting our pension obligations. My management team, my Board of Directors and I expect that our strong balance sheet, our careful hedging practices and our operating performance will enable us to maintain the dividend until power prices recover. And let me be absolutely clear, I personally will do everything I can do to make that happen. Our financial strength also gives us the opportunity to invest in assets that align with our strategy to be clean in competitive markets. Our agreement to acquire John Deere Renewables during the third quarter is one example of that strategy. We have been looking at wind opportunities consistently over the past few years. And up until this one we had not seen one that met our return on investment criteria. The John Deere Renewables acquisition presented a very unique opportunity for us to enter the wind business without compromising the cold-blooded financial discipline you expect us to employ. This highly contracted portfolio provides a stable set of cash flows for the next 15 to 20 years. These cash flows are not dependent on merchant prices which continue to be very challenging for wind operations. The acquisition gives us a credible voice as the owner of wind assets in the development of renewable energy policy while protecting Exelon's value as the nation's largest nuclear operator. We have already completed the financing for the transaction at attractive rates and we expect to close the transaction by the end of the year. Turning to our utilities, I have already mentioned the reliability that PECO and ComEd continue to sustain, but let me spend a minute or two on the regulatory and political landscapes of each. Putting more money into the pension is in effect reducing cash. Sure. If the government is going to continue to require people to buy wind beyond its apparent economic value, we want to be in a place to sell it. On the other hand, we also want to be in a place where we can look a congressman or legislator in the eye and say, look, we are on both sides of this table. We can make money selling, but we don't want our customers to have to pay too much buying. And we think we have more credibility by being at the table. But let me say that's just a factor in all of this. What really motivates me here is we had a really very safe investment in what is in many ways a more speculative field. But as I look at the economics evolving down the road -- and I have said this in many speeches -- gas is just plain queen for the foreseeable future. And almost all of the purely economic decisions would be gas. My political friends on the left want to subsidize wind and solar. My political friends on the right want to subsidize nuclear and carbon sequestration for coal. And meanwhile, the market says gas, gas, gas. But as we go down the road 5, 10 years, some of those factors are going to change. I think the economics of solar continue to improve, and it seems to me there are possibilities not so much in the next year or two but in 5 to 10 that we have very economical packages of wind and gas, or wind, solar and gas. And I would like Exelon to be positioned to do that when it is an opportunity for either political or economic reasons. Well, thank you, everybody. We are very pleased with the quarter that just finished. We think this year will finish much better than it looked when we began it. As I said earlier, that's due to an awful lot of hard work by all of my colleagues here and a little bit of good fortune on the weather. We are planning, as you would expect, for a continued soft economy and continued soft gas prices. We think we can give you another good year next year and what we're really focusing on is how to make 2012 and 2013 a little better than either your models or our models would forecast them; I'm confident that we'll find ways to do that. And also that we're very focused on managing our cash and resources so we can sustain that dividend. I mean, we think 4.9% dividend yield plus some 2015 upside is a very unique value proposition and we're going to do our best to deliver it for you. Thank you very much. I'd like Chris to answer that. My own view is that we haven't seen very much of it in the forward curve yet. But the fact that it's real probably explains why the forward curve for electricity markets isn't following the gas curve down, literally. But you asked three parts to the question and I'm trying to keep you on generalities while Ken Cornew gets his wits together to actually answer them. On demand management we have a very clear position. If demand management is real, verifiable and deliverable and cheaper than generation, great. But our principal concern in both FERC and PJM is to make certain that that which is bid is that which is delivered and penalties are proportionate if it is not. So, with that partial answer to your question -- Ken, do your best and then maybe, Joe Dominguez, if you think Ken and I missed anything from -- because there were three very different pieces to his question. Chris, would you pick that up, Chris Crane? Matt, I think what the numbers Hugh laid out might overlook is the amount of money we've put into pension this year.I think it's better Chris or Mayo than me. We don't have feedback yet, but our FERC and antitrust lawyers believe that the proposed divestiture that's in the press release would be consistent with FERC and DOJ practice. So we think that works there. As you can see from this morning's statements from the Mayor of Baltimore and the Governor, they're keeping their options open to negotiate. But I would say that both reactions in public were friendly. Several of you have complimented Stacie on the thoroughness of her disclosures. We would like to keep her bathed in flattery. With the merger, it's spread more equally. Yes. I think it's about $200 million. Chris? Exelon does not give long-term earnings guidance. Again, that's better Chris than me. Each of us would have our own particular slant on that question, but we'd all come out with yes. In my opinion, we do better in our wholesale business that we already have when we enter into a little longer contracts than we go spot. I think growing the retail business can increase your margins a little bit more. And so I think this is a place where our generation and their retail presence is clearly a value add that neither of us has alone. But Mayo and Chris both ought to comment on that, because we all get to yes, but we probably emphasize a little different aspect of it. We have included in our value analysis for the deal the costs of the proposal we have made in Maryland to provide public benefits. That's the idea. There's no one factor. That's a factor, and it's important. We think putting Constellation's customer-focused retail business with our generation business adds value. But we, of course, also like expanding our nuclear generation business. And we like running large urban utilities. All three of those are important. I would put a wraparound factor on it all. We think long-run value lies in being greener and cleaner. This makes a preeminent greener and cleaner company. We think there's growth, both in the retail side and in our wind company and some of the work Mayo's done on solar, and we want to have a presence marketing those things. So the only real answer is all of the above. It's all about value. Right now, we're totally focused on getting this transaction done and keeping both companies running as well as they are. Exelon reaffirmed its commitments to giving you a good, standalone year for '11 yesterday. Mayo's working very hard on Constellation. We're working very hard on getting this transaction done. I hope Chris has 10 or a dozen years running this Company, but I'll be a little surprised if he gets to some ideal mix, even in that time. It's a '13 number. Once we close, I see the retail marketing channel as a way of enhancing the value of our hedging practice. And I don't see it working a fundamental change in terms of the ratable strategy. Chris? We have no such plans. Chris addressed that earlier. This transaction stands on its own, and we would have no wish to complicate it with another overlapping thing at the same time. It's not &quot;kind of what,&quot; it's exactly right. It's actually almost double that. Exactly. Thank you, Stacie. I think you did the Safe Harbor even more elegantly this morning than you did it yesterday. And for myself, I'm pleased to be able to answer your questions today when I had to stick to the script yesterday. I'm delighted that we have been able to put together a transaction with Constellation. As you all know, as I've reiterated so many times, you're tired of hearing it, but if you want to be reminded of the quotes, they're on Slide 5. But we think that even with purchase accounting, this is accretive in 2013.Well, a guestimate is certainly the right phrase. Let me say that my guess is that the first plant or two to come online will be in a fully regulated jurisdiction somewhere in the Southeast. You can pick yourself among FPL, Duke, Southern, Entergy, all of which fit that bill. I say the Southeast because it is a little easier to contemplate a nuclear plant in a fully regulated jurisdiction, and also because the local support for nuclear plants is a little stronger in red states than it is at the others. That tends to look like a 2016 plant give or take a year. We will over the course of the next two years really digest our Texas proposal. Right now we think we need a combination of a partner and some off-take agreements to make it economical. What I think the biggest obstacle is, is the spent fuel problem that I mentioned. I consider that a major obstacle to a new plant, probably not a big obstacle if you can build a new plant on an existing site, but it is an obstacle on new sites. We are going to have a real planning discussion about that at my Board one of these times; we'll see if they agree with me on the size of that or not. I also think that we've got to get past this sense that nuclear is a partisan form of energy. We all know it has been. We all know you can't make thirty-year decisions betting on who wins the next election. And I think there is significant movement in the Democratic Party toward nuclear power. The question is, is it enough movement to give you a real bipartisan base, and are Democratic leaders prepared to put additional nuclear energy up there with renewables and efficiency in the [pantheon]? If they are not, it will take a little longer. Now that I've spent so much time on that answer I scared you away? Thank you, Dan, and thank you, everybody, for being here. I seem to remember when I was in college and Joan Baez was singing and the room was too full, everybody crowded around her. If you want to come crowd around, it's okay. It is the closest I'll ever get to being a folk singer. With me on the platform are Mike Metzner, our Treasurer and Chaka Patterson, our Vice President for Investor Relations. JaCee Burnes and Phil Barnett whom you also work with are down in the front row. I will talk a bit about some of the details of the Illinois settlement that have not been public todate but I want to mostly talk in a larger way -- no one is sicker of talking about Illinois politics than I am -- in terms of what Exelon is and are exploring.  Simply put, we have had the privilege of being one of the most successful companies in our industry. We have obtained about a 12% annual average growth rate in operating earnings. Sometimes when I make this speech it has been 9, sometimes 10. Today it is about 12; driven first by improved nuclear performance, second by very disciplined cost reductions and now to a significant degree by commodity prices. You all have rewarded that performance with a total return since our company was formed in the year 2000, which is now about 200%, substantially beating both the utility indices and the S&P 500. The real point I want to make about that is the value you are investing in didn't happen by accident. It occurred because of all of that work on the nuclear plants. It occurred because we had the foresight as far back as '99 to set up structures where we sold the ComEd fossil fleet. And in 2000 transferred both the ComEd and PECO nuclear fleets to an independent generation company. It occurred because no company has been more zealous than we, hardly anyone as zealous in protecting competitive markets and the competitive value of what you are investing in. For the first six months of this year our operating earnings were $2.10 a share compared to $1.48 in the first six months of 2006. And our GAAP earnings were $2.05 compared to $1.55 a share last year. I am pleased to announce today that we revised our 2007 operating earnings guidance to between $4.15 and $4.30 a share. The upper half of our original range of $4.00 to $4.30. And we are reaffirming our GAAP guidance of $3.70 to $4.00 even with the impact of this year's Illinois settlement. And as you know, the biggest chunk comes this year. We are doing our very best to be in the upper half of that range also. The results we have been able to deliver for you are a result first and foremost of never forgetting that we have owners. Second, of always remembering that customers and politics set the rules under which we operate; and third, working fanatically on operating improvements. The place where you see that most directly in your pocketbooks is in our nuclear operation. Over the past two years our nuclear fleet has had an average capacity factor of over 93%. This year we hit 95% for the first six months of the year. To the average consumer this means that in the last eight years we have almost doubled the output of our nuclear fleet. If you look at the chart that JaCee has put up, what it shows you is that not only have we done very well indeed both in capacity factors and our safety indicators, but we have achieved a level of consistency among our plants that is almost unique in the industry. Our nuclear fleet is of value to our customers under a market system, a regulated system, or any other system. It is of a special value to you because it is one of the largest fleets of economically unregulated capacity in the country. And it is very well poised to continue to deliver benefits to you as the country inexorably relies more and more on natural gas and inexorably faces tighter capacity margins. The value of this capacity is increasingly recognized in the marketplace itself. The recent PJM RPM auction had prices for 2008 and 2009 clearing at $150 per megawatt day for Eastern MAAC and about $112 for the rest-of-pool. This reflects the public resistance to new capacity in an ever larger part of the country. Who would have thought a few years ago that Duke would have been having issues over coal plants in North Carolina and FPL issues over a coal plant in Florida? It reflects in part the increasing cost of new build capacity. People are looking at numbers that are 50 to 100% larger than they looked at a few years ago. And this also reflects an increasing recognition that we will have carbon regulation, a subject to which I will come back at the end. We at Exelon believe that we have also achieved our success so far by constant discipline in financial management. We haven't always done the right thing, but we have made a lot less mistakes than a lot of others, and we never forget who the money really belongs to. That is why I'm pleased to announce today, as you already know from this morning's press release -- you probably feel you've already paid me for it -- that we are going to buy back 1.25 billion of our outstanding common stock. We expect to complete the share repurchase over the next six months. We will evaluate our dividend again at the usual time in December and evaluate further share repurchases in the succeeding years. But just let me say that share repurchases do fit very nicely a situation where more and more our earnings are commodity driven and not capable of simple growth models like the one I started off this meeting with. They also reflect very nicely a marketplace where many of us suspect that today's relatively favorable treatment of dividend in tax policy may not be continued. So when I was giving this speech a year or two ago I would have favored dividends over share buybacks; today I think I lean a bit in the other direction but don't read that as a signal about December. It is simply intended to give you a policy look, not some secret signal about what we are doing in December. Now on strategy we intend to hold course and speed, to use one metaphor. We do not intend to sit on our laurels, to use another metaphor. I remember when I was a very young CEO at about my second EEI CEO's meeting, I had finished trying to figure out who was the class of the industry, and I marched up to the great Bill Lee and he really was a great CEO and said Bill, I've been asking my fellows who is the best in the business and most of them think they are. But they all agree that you are second, so you must be the best. And he looks at me and says, well that is kind of you, young man, but as I tell my people, the best way to ruin your laurels is to sit on them. And we at Exelon do not sit on laurels. We have worked very hard over the last two years, and it was two whole years, to come up with a settlement in Illinois that preserved the competitive marketplace and protected as much of your value as we could. The issue in Illinois was not simply whether a foolish rate freeze bill would bankrupt ComEd. The issue was always how many ways the Legislature could think of to attack the market value of the generation or the working of the electricity market. I believe the settlement we struck protects those markets, albeit at a cost higher than I would have wished to pay. You know the basic terms, the $800 million; the fact that it speaks as a four-year deal, the fact that some elements reach out further. One that I want to talk about more today is the financial swap contract that was part of it. The Attorney General's people wanted a firm long-term price for power, and they wanted one that started at a rate that was, of course, significantly lower than the Illinois auction. Well the latter wasn't very hard to do at all because the contract we were discussing was a baseload only contract, and the Illinois auction was for a much more extensive vertical slice. So we didn't have much trouble reaching that goal. The trick for us was to do something that we could do at a level of state jurisdiction without giving up any of our arguments about FERC jurisdiction over wholesale power contracts, and the solution to that was to use a financial swap, which we did. Yes, and I will ask Mike Metzner to supplement what I say on the latter point. On the first point, I don't know if it is optimism or pessimism, but I think the public consensus on climate is so strong that once the next presidential election is done Congress will act. I agree with you it won't be a carbon tax. I think it will be a cap and trade system. I think there will be some tendency to adopt a bill that isn't clear about its safety valves and then say &quot;eek&quot;, when the prices go up more than anticipated. And then change the bill because I don't think either party is prepared to utterly sacrifice the economy to the climate issue. But I do think there is an ever greater consensus to act. You not only have people like our Illinois senators, Durbin and Obama, committed to doing something. And when I hear people like Senator Murkowski from Alaska saying you want to see that climate change is real come to my state and watch it melt. Yes, I can name at least six Republican senators, Senator Specter who was on the Bingaman-Specter bill, Senator Warner who is working on a somewhat tougher bill, Senator Grandma from South Carolina, Senator Murkowski -- these aren't just the two New England Republicans from Maine who have been there for a long time. I mean, these are core senators in the Republican coalition.The answer is simply yes. It's a little more complicated to spin out, because the KPI's on which are managers are assessed were done late last fall and in January before we had these results. But this will directly effect all of the senior officers in at least two ways. One is that I will take it into account in the discretionary adds or deducts that I get to impose on the rest of the plan. And two, our success in achieving this is directly related to our earnings results. And earnings are the major driver of our senior executive compensation plan. So those who deliver will see the benefit both with the right and left hand. And anyone who fails will see the alternative. Well, I'd keep an eye on whatever happens in the legislature between now and the end of May, and I'd also keep an eye on what happens on the regulatory front between now and late September when Chairman Mathias of the Illinois commission is scheduled to step down. Good morning. I want to talk to you about several of the highlights of the first quarter. And then I will introduce the subject of how we see our earnings for the full year. Ruth Ann has already talked about the effects of weather. I want to talk about some of the things that we're doing to both offset those effects and bring more value to the bottom line. On March 1 we announced an agreement to sell our 49-percent interest in AT&T Wireless PCS of Philadelphia to a subsidiary of AT&T Wireless Services for $285 million in cash. The transaction closed on April 1, so the gain of this is not in the first- quarter results. The pretax gain on the transaction is approximately $200 million with an after-tax gain estimated at approximately $120 million and a resulting 37-cent-per-share earnings gain on a diluted basis. Proceeds from the transaction will be used for our general purposes. It is our goal, as we have stated to you a number of times, to go through the entire Enterprise portfolio and do what we can to both maximize shareholder value and focus our strategy on our core businesses. This transaction did both. George Gilmore and Jim Morazzi, president of Exelon Communications, put this transaction together. We have increased our management focus on fixing the problems at Enterprise. Recently we announced that Oliver Kingsley was named senior executive vice president of Exelon. In his new position, Oliver will work with George to fix the problems at Enterprises, along with his work in Generation Nuclear and business services. We just moved David Helwig, who is one of our very best troubleshooters, over to work for George Gilmore as president of Infrasource, which is the largest division of Exelon Enterprises and the place where the largest portion of the goodwill writeoff occurred. Good morning, David. I have found in my experience that people who are comfortable never get 10-percent earnings growth. We haven't made a new projection for 2003. We haven't fine tuned our financial forecast for 2003. Whether we get to 10 percent or not would depend upon how the wholesale power markets look. If we start to see some recovery in them, that's entirely possible. Ricky, you can go ahead with questions. This is John. And Oliver is working on the life extension and licensing programs that go with those. So that's not just an accounting entry. It's part of our plans for what we're going to do with those units. Sure. There are a whole lot of things going on that all relate to your question. One is continued negotiations between Power Team and Edison International concerning the short- and long-term contractual situation on those power plants. As you may remember, we had a short-term purchase obligation coupled with a series of options. And I think both we and Edison International agree that some larger structure would be in our best interest, figuring out what structure it is. So that's the first element. The second element is the polar proposal that we've had before the commission for more than a year now. You know, we're constantly looking for ways to define what our overall picture is. We believe that we would have the best competitive market in Illinois and frankly also the easiest target for Power Team to plan against if we had an understanding that industrials basically make their own terms and the residential and consumer interests were provided a continued bundled rate for a longer period. And we're prepared to do that, and we think we can price the risk. You know, a third piece of the puzzle is that there was a press conference a few days ago in which the Citizens Utility Board, certain labor unions, and certain members of legislative leadership announced a proposal to extend our rate freeze for several more years. Should they do that, we take certain wholesale risks. We also have certain pricing opportunities. In addition to all of that, there are constantly negotiations going on which affect the number of alternative suppliers that stay in the retail market. All of these pieces are alive in some way. And the net long-term benefit to the company -- or detriment, but I think it will be a benefit -- out in years 2005 and 2006 can't be counted until you have most of these things tied together. And the best thing I can say is that this is one of those issues that rises constantly to my attention as well as to Pam's, Ian's, and Oliver's, and we have our heads on this constantly. And I think the current situation feels promising, but it can't all be put together and added up till it's all put together. A lot will happen in the next four months. Kathy, this is John. I would add to that that we had a budget that included baked in all of the merger synergies we promised. And this $200 million if off that budget which already reflected the merger synergies.Jim is going to take it. Bob Shapard will start and then Chris Crane will pick up the second half of your question, unless Tom you are more appropriate (inaudible) We haven't worked out all the details, but as a general principle we believe that we will be required to offer to sell some fossil capacity and to have a formal, consistent auction procedure at wholesale for some of our nuclear output. We do not propose to sell nuclear plants, which would diminish the operating advantages; but we have spent a great deal of time studying this? And we believe, because of the baseload nature of nuclear operations, a sale of output process can be developed which will meet the FERC objectives. We are committed to beginning to work with FERC on that at the earliest possible date. Tom O'Flynn is going to pick that up while lawyers look envious that you asked him a legal question. (indiscernible) cash-oriented, so we will let Shapard (indiscernible) Thank you, Michael. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I am delighted that we have your attention. I have with me today my counterpart, the Chairman of PSEG, Jim Ferland; John Young, the Exelon Generation Head; Chris Crane, Exelon's Chief Nuclear Officer; Tom O'Flynn, PSEG's Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Shapard, the Exelon Chief Financial Officer. We plan to lay out for you the basis and expectations that we have for this exciting combination. I will begin with strategic rationale. Jim Ferland will cover the highlights of the combined Company. John Young will give you a little more detail on the benefits of this new generation platform. Chris Crane will cover the benefits would believe we can create through consolidating the operation of the nuclear fleet after we close the deal and also through an interim nuclear operating services agreement. Tom O'Flynn and Bob Shapard will discuss the merger synergies and expected benefits to shareholders. We will take all of your questions at the end. To begin with, Michael called this the creation of the premier utility company. You have all heard many companies claim to be things like that; many companies aspire to that goal. I believe that the new company we are creating today, Exelon Electric & Gas, genuinely has the potential to make that vision come true, and I personally will spare no effort to make it so. Our first page shows you some of the strategic benefits that we see. While individually we enjoy some of these opportunities, together we can leverage them to a much larger degree. We can do that for you, our investors; we can do it for our customers, for the communities we serve and for our employees. This merger is built upon combining the strengths and assets of each company. Exelon's strong financial performance, its strong balance sheet and its top-performing nuclear generation business will be combined with PSEG's expertise in distribution operations and in conducting retail market auctions. We believe -- and we are very confident of this -- that the combined company will be stronger and more competitive than either Exelon or PSEG could have become alone. Will have a very large, low-cost and more diverse generation fleet stretching from the mid-Atlantic to the Mississippi. And that will be true even though we will proactively address market power issues with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We will have an equally impressive regulated energy delivery business, 1 that will provide continuously improving service to 7 million electric and 2 million gas customers. Think for a moment what that means. It means we will be the company that keeps over 18 million people warm in the winter and cool in the summer. Exelon Electric & Gas will have utility companies in 3 states and a substantial quantity of generation in a fourth. Illinois, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Texas have been in the forefront of promoting competition in the generation business. They have also been in the forefront of utility regulation that works for both customers and shareholders. Over the last several years, customers of PECO, PSE&G and ComEd have saved billions of dollars as a result of industry restructuring bills in these states. At the same time each of our companies has been able to deliver superior shareholder return. I believe that Exelon Electric & Gas will be better positioned than anyone else in the industry to both continue to promote and assist in the further development of competitive power markets -- and that is a commitment to our regulators -- but also to benefit from the existence of these markets. We hope to realize immediate benefits -- and again I mean benefits for both shareholders and consumers -- in nuclear operations through a 2-year operating service contract starting in January 17, 2005 with respect to PSEG's Salem and Hope Creek units. We have a history of working together in New Jersey and Pennsylvania as joint owners of the Peach Bottom and Salem Nuclear Plants. And we believe bringing the size of the Exelon nuclear organization and our developed procedures will be of assistance in improving the operation of these plants. This merger meets the criteria we have long told you that we at Exelon would follow in any deal. While the CFOs will describe the substantial synergies we expect to realize in this merger, I wish to stress that we are committed to achieving sufficient synergies to more than pay for this acquisition premium. And in addition, we will create a much stronger platform for delivering consistent and growing shareholder returns. In other words, we are building a more robust platform, as well as a larger one. This merger is in its technical form an acquisition of PSEG by Exelon. PSEG shareholders will receive 1.225 shares of Exelon and will own 32 percent of the combined company at the merger close. Exelon shareholders will own 68 percent of the combined company. I will serve as Chief Executive Officer. Jim Ferland will serve as non-executive Chairman of the Board through the spring of 2007. The Board will be made up of 12 Exelon Directors and 6 PSEG Directors. The corporate headquarters will be in Chicago. Our generation headquarters will be in Newark. Each utility company will keep its current headquarters location -- ComEd in Chicago, PECO in Philadelphia PSE&G Newark. Our power team and trading operation will continue to be based in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania. And are Chief Nuclear Officer and his staff organization will be moving to Kennett Square. We believe that there are many exciting aspects to this agreement, but the one that you will see bringing the most immediate value is probably our Nuclear Operating Services Agreement that will start on January 17, 2005. Chris Crane will cover this agreement and our nuclear operations in more detail in his remarks, but I should emphasize that this is an agreement to help PSE&G manage these plants. PSE&G retains the legal responsibility and ultimate authority. This merger is, of course, conditioned upon other things -- upon the approvals of the shareholders and upon various federal and state regulatory authorities. These are listed in detail in the press release and on the next page of our package. We will register the new company as a holding company with the SEC under the Public Utility Holding Company Act. Based upon the success of the Unicom/PECO merger, which took 13 months, we anticipate that we can obtain these regulatory approvals in 12 to 15 months. That, of course, is dependent on our ability to work with regulators in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Illinois at the federal level and to attempt to solve problems that arise on a very rapid basis. We've done it before; we will try to do it again. This merger gives us a stronger company, one that, as I said, has the ability to achieve more robust and consistent earnings growth for our shareholders. We expect annual synergies of 400 million in 2006, growing to 500 million in 2007. These synergies will come from labor and from non-labor; they will come from costs and from revenue opportunities. You will see them across all business units. And Tom O'Flynn and Bob Shapard will give you more detail upon these. We believe these efficiencies will help us keep our long-run costs down as medical expenses, fuel cost, material costs and other expenses continue to rise. Both Jim and I claim around 20 years in this industry. He has more time with one company. It took me 3 -- I seem to move around a little more. But one thing you know is that we care about shareholder value. And another thing you know is that we care about customer service and community service. This will continue for Exelon Electric & Gas. We are both proud of our record of delivering value for shareholders. We are proud of what we do for customers and for the communities we serve. I intend to make certain that this new company with this wonderful platform lives up to this commitment in every respect. Now I would like to turn it over to Jim. I certainly can. PSEG already has a strategy of winding down those investments in an orderly way. We intend to continue to execute that strategy. I am as committed to it as Jim. And we believe that the merger with the associated mark-to-market and so forth may actually make it somewhat easier to do that more rapidly. But the strategy is to focus on our basic US operations and to get there in the most orderly way we can, the way we can do it to get the most value. Let me defer that to Bob. Well, the conversations we have had to date is Jim and I have been on the phone all morning reporting to them. But because of the way reporting laws work and the way rumors work and other things, one can't pre-clear these things with the regulators, much as one would like to out of respect. Those conversations have begun as of this morning. They will continue to the extent permitted by MOV over the next 30 days. We will be filing probably in Pennsylvania in mid-to-late January. I think the New Jersey schedule is somewhat consistent with that. FERC, I believe, takes a little longer to get it ready. And we have the burden of convincing these people that this is a merger that is good for consumers. We think we can meet that (inaudible), and we at Exelon have a model for how we are working on retail competition in Illinois that largely came out of the stakeholder process, but the New Jersey example was the prime example brought onto by those folks. I think we're trying to do things in jurisdictions that are in tune with each other. Only thing I can add to that is one of the things we do like is getting more fossil capacity into this mix, which is one of the things that PSEG brings.It seems to me, Hugh, that a piece of this is that 95.8% figure that Chris delivered in the second quarter. We can't budget and PowerTeam can't plan on having it quite that good, so when Chris delivers it, Ian can sell it. Bill, do either you or Betsy want to add anything on what your guess is as to what will happen? I'm sure that question proves you know as much about it as we do, Zach, which is not a great shock. Let me go back to '11 and '10 for a minute. I think Ian's view, Ken's view, my view is that the pressures are upward in that period for reasons of capacity constraints regardless of whether the CAIR rules are reinstate. Ian, do you agree with that? Well, I think we will look, but the adjustment in price you talk about is something that is about a week old and one doesn't want to change one's plans too dramatically just because of what a nervous stock market does in a week. But we are already in the second half and we will keep looking both at when and how much. There's the buyback issue, which you all know is in our plans. There is a dividend increase issue. And we want to do those in an orderly way. Being opportunistic is a good thing, but moving millions -- $1 billion or more overnight is something you take a little carefully. So I think we added the $0.5 billion last year. I think that proves we are prepared to be flexible and obviously we are paying attention to what has happened to the market. We are not very happy with this basically $10 shift at all and it has our attention. I would like Ian mostly to answer that. We think the fundamentals particularly in PJM East are still largely in the upward direction. That said, I doubt we think there is great long-term virtue in any one particular number either today's number or a $$5.00 higher number a couple of months ago. But Ian, why don't you do your best to help with that. Let me take a shot at it and Matt will help me here. Much of this plan was in our capital plans already. We look at the nuclear uprates, we divide them in two tranches. First one I think is around 250, 300 MW. Does that sound right, Matt? That is in the next several years. There is a high degree of certainty around our doing that and a big payback on doing that. Then there is another chunk that is down there a few years further out that there is a much larger band of uncertainty around as to whether we can actually do it and make it pay. And I will let Chris amplify that, if you want. Now, one of the biggest pieces of this is whether we do gas combined cycle plants in either PJM East or in Texas and I think sometime yet this year we will probably make a firm decision on the PJM East plant. The Texas situation is a little more confusing because of things that have already been discussed in this call. These are the biggest single chunks. As you know, we've only authorized $100 million for the nuclear project in Texas. We think that will cover us well into '09 and we are genuinely open-minded as to whether we go forward with that project or not. We really mean the conditions we put on it. Matt or Chris, can you flesh this out a little more beyond what I said? I ought to add also that some of these things are fairly small. We took a look just yesterday at the first slice of our building improvement plan. We have already got something like a 9% reduction in building energy consumption from work we have already done. We took a look at another 4% chunk yesterday. The total amount of money involved is between $5 million and $10 million and it has -- the returns vary all the way from close to zero to up at 15% or 20%. But the average is over our cost of capital and it is on a small amount of money. So it is a good way to make a point and do it fairly cheaply. The next slice of buildings we look at probably will involve a little more money and raise questions like are we in a building or two we shouldn't be in at all? So we're looking at those now, but the returns were pretty good on this first slice. Thank you, Chaka. As you saw from our earnings release this morning, we had a very strong second quarter with both operating and GAAP earnings at $1.13 a share compared to $1.03 for the second quarter of 2007. Our earnings in the second quarter make up for the higher level of planned and unplanned nuclear outage days that we experienced in the first quarter and we discussed those outages at that time. The second quarter puts us squarely on track with respect to our earnings for the year. We are comfortably reaffirming our operating earnings guidance for 2008 of $4.00 to $4.40 and our GAAP earnings guidance range of $3.70 to $4.10 a share. The Second quarter makes us very confident of where we are in that range. Turning to slide three in your deck, we achieved these second-quarter results precisely because we are sticking on plan and implementing our protect and grow strategy. This is not a strategy for a quarter or even for a year. It is what we were doing last year and it is what we will be doing next year. We are aimed at long-term value as we have been since our formation. Starting on the left-hand side of this page, the first and foremost thing that we do is to deliver superior operating performance. In the second quarter, Chris Crane and his team achieved a nuclear capacity factor of 95.8%. And that performance drives the profits we have delivered to you. We achieved a commercial availability of 92.8% at our fossil fleet and an equivalent availability factor of 94.4% at our hydro fleet. We kept the lights on under difficult conditions. With seven storms, June 2008 marked the busiest storm month in a decade. Frank Clark, Barry Mitchell, and the ComEd team should be very proud of the speed with which ComEd crews completed restoration efforts in June. If I remember right, they had something like 700,000 customers out in different storms over the period of a month. ComEd also completed its West Loop Project, a more than $300 million project which converted a large part of the city's electric transmission system from hub and spoke to a network model and thereby substantially reduces the likelihood of significant losses of power downtown and in Chicago neighborhoods. PECO did not have as many storms but it had one very violent storm last month that caused damage and affected about 200,000 PECO customers. PECO crews restored service to more than half the customers within the first 10 hours. Ian, Ken?Good morning, Greg. Thanks, John. Good morning everyone. I'd like to quickly add my perspective to the first-quarter operating and financial results, discuss the climate change issue a bit, and then discuss the implications for competition in the utility regulation. As John has told you and the press release spells out, we had a very strong first quarter excluding any cost from legislation or settlement in Illinois with year-over-year operating earnings up from $0.62 in the first quarter of 2006 to $1.07 in the first quarter of this year. Some will be quick to attribute our results to the end of the Illinois rate freeze; others will be quicker to criticize us for that. That is of course part of the story, but the remainder of the story is our continued focus on the basics of this business, improving operating performance, disciplined financial management and sound approaches to regulation. Prices in Illinois have returned to something approaching the national average and about what they were ten years ago when we started this pilgrimage. Our operating and financial performance continues to be anything but average. In the nuclear area, Chris Crane and Chip Pardee, and their team continued to drive genuine excellence. Their record 96.4% capacity factor for the quarter compares to 91% a year ago and had a significant contribution to these earnings. Chris and his team achieved these superior results while maintaining a terrific safety record including employee safety. In the fossil area, Mark Schiavoni and his team continued to extract exceptional performance from our fossil and Hydro fleets. They achieved a 92.8% availability factor for our fossil units and 99.1% equivalent availability for our Hydro units, comparing to 93% and 97% in the first quarter of '06. Ian McLean and Ken Cornew and the Power Team continued to convert operating performance into commercial success. Power Team hedged and optimized our portfolio to assist Genco in delivering the growth and profitability that we had the pleasure of reporting to you this morning. Our delivery companies also performed very strongly. Despite a stretch of bitter cold in February that resulted in a record winter peak of 16,207 megawatts, ComEd's non-storm outage declined in the first quarter. ComEd's long-term reliability measurements continue to move in the right direction. Since 1998, outage frequency has been reduced by one-third and outage duration by nearly one-half. PECO's system and operations also performed well particularly during February when its peak reached 6,835 megawatts which was only 3 megawatts short of its all-time winter peak. PECO electric service reliability was sharply improved over the same period a year ago partly due to a relatively storm free winter. PECO's average frequency and interruptions was improved by 50% while the average duration of outage was reduced by 28%. Customers responded favorably to expanded consumer education and marketing programs to help them manage energy costs as indicated by our survey data. Well, we think about it all the time. Bear in mind the worst day of my life at Exelon Company which was the Friday in 1999 when the Mayor of Chicago ate my liver out on television for service problems in the city. ComEd needs this capital. It is a fact that if the state will not treat it fairly over time as a regulated buyer's company, there will come a time when it can't continue to invest at the rate it currently is. But my philosophy is don't play chicken with the capital program and to some extent, the more ComEd is forced to be separate, it is really Frank and the ComEd Board that will make that decision not me. So I think you are right in reading tea leaves that if people want other people want to play chicken with ComEd, at some point its Board won't have a lot of choice. But we are not going to play with it at Exelon simply as a matter of discretionary capital. We've taken the position that ComEd meets its obligations and goes from that. Frank, would you like to add to that? Good. Good morning, John. Let me kick it off, Vic, and then I will ask Frank to pick it up. At the present time, the Senate president has taken the position that rate freeze legislation is just a bad idea. The Senate minority leader and some of the people who supported the rate freeze bill in the Senate have said they really don't think rate freeze is a very good idea. They would like to initiate some compromise discussion. There are a few people in the House who have said that, too. To date, the only person who is in some ways in a position to bring that about, the Speaker of the House, has not indicated an interest in a serious settlement negotiation. Vic, you know me well enough to know that I hate things that are binary. Having all or nothing issues is a most unattractive thing. So we are holding the ground that they deregulated our generation, that you all have paid for it and it is yours. And I believe if we have to vindicate that in the courts, I believe we will succeed. Indeed, it's a funny loop to loop in Springfield because some people vote for freeze legislation knowing that it's likely to be invalidated and thinking that gives them a free vote. So it is very hard to know where anyone wants to come out. As long as we aren't sacrificing the principle that frankly, what's yours is yours. You know, we have dozens of ideas on what we think would be good settlement ground. And we will continue to think like that, but at the moment anything we put on the table would be just bidding against ourselves. Ann Pramaggiore, who works with Frank, worked for most of the past year and a half on settlement ideas. So that is my picture of the situation. The Speaker has said on several occasions that he regrets that he deregulated the Generation. Well I think if he had more information on the real economics of the business, he would see that his consumers still won by what he did but it's obviously that our investors won too and that creates the envy factor. Frank, would you like to add to that? Let me just add to that. ComEd thought, Exelon thought that the initial order of the commission in ComEd's last delivery case was quite unfair. But ComEd required a request for consideration and while it didn't get everything it thinks it ought to have got, the commission showed more than a little courage in its reconsideration decision. The Illinois Commission has shown great courage and integrity in its dealing with ComEd's power procurement obligation. We don't advise backing down on our public service obligation when you've got a commission that is trying very hard to meet its obligation. Sure. We continue to believe that consolidation must occur. And that as long as you do it out of dollars and cents and not out of ego, there are real business opportunities in consolidation. We've also tried twice and had two black eyes, which proves to us if we didn't know it anyway, that the environment isn't as easy for consolidation as it was five or six years ago. I think we've done our best to wrap it up. We believe we had a very good quarter particularly some of the things done in nuclear and Power Team. We'd love to be able to say we have the Illinois situation behind us but we don't. As I've said before, the real source of the Illinois issue is the very success that we've had. We will keep working on it. We will keep our eyes open for practical settlements. We won't forget who the Generation belongs to. Good morning, Vic.Well, I wouldn't say that, because we'd like some of the additional diversity that having more regulated business would give us. The problem is that the regulated integrateds are, in my view, on an up cycle in their market valuation, and the commodity-driven companies are at the low end of the cycle. So you have to be very careful about using your own paper which has more upside potential in the future to buy somebody who is more regulated and may already be higher. We would like to have a little more balance, but it is very difficult to find one that meets our value equation criteria. I'll let Denis O'Brien from PECO and Anne Pramaggiore from ComEd pick up on this, but let me say that you accurately described the second quarter, but in the first quarter PECO had a better pickup. And on the whole, we are looking at demand growth between zero and 1% this year, probably a little better in PECO going into the out years. ComEd continuing in that vein, unless of course the air-quality enrichment program that's going on around the country leads to consistently higher weather. But we see very soft recovery. We tend to see our very large customers coming back, a little improvement in our residential load. But what we would call the small commercial and industrial sectors remain very depressed. And with that, first Denis and then Anne. Yes, I'll do my best. We have lots of reasons to hedge -- of course, I'll ask Ken to supplement this -- one of which is to protect the dividend and the credit ratings and downside scenarios. Another is that the further you go out, the less liquid markets are, and we don't want to be in a position where we have issues over illiquid markets. But as I said in my opening comments, we try to soften the effect of the hedging by using put options where we can. So we kind of hedge the downside on the basic commodities but keep a chance to get the spread that we think will be there. It is a constant conundrum for us. And if we ever abandon the basic ratable approach, we will let you all know. But right now, we think we should more or less stick with ratable. We do think the upside is real. And as we become more confident of that, Ken will take it into account with what he does. Ken, can you pick that up from there? Because the tension you describe is clear, and it is just that we want to have some absolute protection on the downside. I would particularly note Ken's comment that some of his longer-term contracts include some premium for the environmental issues. I would just like to add to this -- and I'll let Ken and Joe correct me if they think I'm wrong. But I guess I see the picture in Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri, Southern Illinois, the adjacent areas, a little bit more like some of the suppositions in Hugh Wynne's earlier question. The big, new units that are most compliant, most valuable, tend to be in turf like Southern, Duke, AEP, Dominion. And I think if you look at Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri, Southern Illinois, you tend to see a pretty large percentage of the older and unscrubbed units that would have the largest compliance burdens. I say that based on both things I've seen and anecdotes. But Ken, did I overstate that? Thank you, Stacie. Good morning, everyone. As you all know from our press release, our second-quarter performance exceeded both our own earlier expectations and your estimates. Exelon turned in operating earnings of $0.99 per share compared to our earlier estimate of $0.80 to $0.90 per share. Matt will explain how we were able to do this in more detail, but constant attention to operating performance across all of our business units were a big part of the story, and so were improving power market conditions. The weather also helped. We've had so much heat in Philadelphia, almost twice the normal level, that Denis O'Brien, who is a bit of a skeptic, looked at me the other day and said, John, if this stays up, I am going to believe that climate problem you've been working on is real. It is, and we might even be seeing it. As a result of our strong first half, we are raising our operating earnings estimate for the year to $3.80 to $4.10 per share. Now normally on these calls, I spend most of my time talking about the highlights of the quarter. I am going to leave that to Matt Hilzinger today and talk about the subject that most of you are asking us to address, that is, our longer-term earnings potential. Most of you tell us that you respect our operating performance. We appreciate that and think we deserve it. Most of you describe our assets as a solid foundation for future earnings growth. That is true, too. Most of you recognize that we have some upside next year as the full requirements contract expires between Exelon Generation and PECO. But you rightly question how two, three, four years from now we will be able to prosper in a world of low gas prices and dimming prospects for carbon legislation. That is precisely what I want to address this morning. Put simply, we expect some drop in 2012 earnings. But we believe by that time that the trough in our revenues will be nearing its end. This morning, I am going to cover three reasons why we believe that. First, EPA regulations will affect both capacity and energy markets, and will do so sooner than many think. Second, there are already tangible signs that power markets are recovering. And third, Exelon's investments and rate cases over the next few years give us further opportunities for income enhancement. Exelon is not a passive beneficiary of changing circumstances. Our confidence in the long-run value of our property and our operations is a product of envisioning a cleaner energy future and acting on that vision since we formed Exelon 10 years ago. These actions include forming Exelon Generation as a separate company, thereby giving our shareholders the upside; selling the ComEd fossil fleet; continuously upgrading our nuclear fleet; and most recently, planning the retirement of fossil units at our Eddystone and Cromby stations. Our approach is laid out in Exelon 2020, our path to a low-carbon future. While it is an advocacy piece, it is not just an advocacy piece. It is a way of capitalizing on Exelon's nuclear fleet and a way of positioning our investments to add value for our investors in a world that demands cleaner power. Now let me start with what we see from EPA regulation. Slide three of our deck illustrates in a simplified form the welter of regulations that are coming to the nation's coal-fired generation fleet over the next few years. You all know, you have all made your own estimates of how much Exelon could benefit from climate change legislation, and you all know that that is not very likely in the near term. But EPA regulation of traditional pollutants, regulations that are now being issued, regulations that are required by existing statutes and court decisions, are far more imminent and far more certain and carry similar positive benefits to Exelon over the next few years. In May, the EPA issued its proposed coal combustion waste rule-making. Compliance with the final rule likely will be required by early 2015. Depending on the ultimate approach, EPA estimates compliance costs of up to $20 billion. In June, EPA issued new measurement and monitoring requirements for sulfur dioxide. It estimates that those requirements will cost the industry approximately $1.5 billion. And in early July, EPA issued the CAIR replacement rule, now called the Transport Rule, to regulate NOx and SOx. Emission reductions are required as soon as 2012, with further reductions required by 2014 and 2015. EPA estimates a compliance cost of $2.8 billion per year. Now, EPA is also under court order to issue hazardous air pollution regulations, which include both Mercury and acid gas. It must do that by March of next year and compliance is mandated by late 2014. The hazardous air pollution regulations are likely to be the most challenging and most costly for coal generators to address. Now, these regulations benefit Exelon in two ways. First, when investments are made in control technology to address these regulations, they increase operating costs for the coal-fired generators, and ultimately increase the clearing price for energy. And second, for many small units which cannot economically meet these requirements, they will have to shut down. And the loss of this capacity should begin to be apparent in capacity auctions as early as next May. Now, you all have seen estimates from various sources -- so have we -- that try to determine the magnitude of these impacts. The Petroleum Industry Research Association, which many of us use as a consultant, predicts that as many as 30,000 to 40,000 megawatts of coal generation will be retired. PIRA predicts that about 14,000 of these megawatts will be in PJM. Some of you have predicted that larger numbers will be retired. After last year's capacity auction, the PJM Market Monitor concluded that over 11,000 megawatts of coal already did not recover its avoidable costs or their avoidable costs, and that is even before the new EPA regulations take effect. This leads to three obvious questions. How much coal will retire, particularly in PJM? How soon will those retirements occur? And what effect will these retirements have on capacity and energy markets? We know they will be substantial. We know they will be relatively soon. We know they will continue throughout most of the decade. The issue is just how much, how fast. When we at Exelon look at these issues, we are mindful of the fact that these regulations must take into account the need to ensure continued reliability of the system. Localized transmission upgrades will be necessary in certain situations. There will be some short-term reliability-must-run agreements while upgrades are completed or new peaking capacity is installed. But we expect EPA to want those agreements to do what is necessary to keep capacity available and not just incent them to run excessively. Reserve margins in PJM are generally sufficient to enable orderly retirement of coal generation as these localized transmission issues are addressed. And while some of the EPA regulations will be challenged, this is very different than cap and trade. Cap and trade requires Congressional action. New EPA regulations will take effect unless Congress takes steps to stop them, and neither political party wants to be against clean air. Coal operators are already reacting to the scissors of low market prices and costly new regulations. In PJM, coal generators have already announced close to 4000 megawatts of retirements or restricted operations. These include our own Eddystone and Cromby units and several AEP units. Outside of PJM, Xcel Energy and Progress have also announced substantial retirement plans. More tough decisions will be made in the near term, and they will have to be made well in advance of the final compliance deadlines. The next PJM capacity auction in May of 2011 covers the period from mid-2014 through mid-2015. That is precisely the period when coal ash, the transport regulations and hazardous air pollutant compliance will be required. This will have significant consequences to clearing prices, and the upside to Exelon is unmistakable. Every $50 per megawatt day as a change in capacity prices translates to almost $350 million of additional capacity revenue for Exelon in 2014 and subsequent years. Beyond the capacity market, energy prices will also rise from higher operating costs for coal-fired generators. Coal-fired generators set the margin in PJM around 50% of the time. Energy prices also rise from a change in the dispatch stack as coal is retired and replaced with natural gas. These changes add up quickly. A $5-per-megawatt-hour increase in energy prices would be $700 million to $800 million of incremental annual revenue to Exelon on an open basis. We expect that at least some of that upside will be realized in the next two to four years as operating costs increase for coal-fired generation. Some of that uplift will come in 2012 from the cost of new allowances for SOx and NOx under the Transport Rule. Based on EPA's estimate of allowance pricing -- and EPA generally has the incentive to make its estimates low -- these increases could be from $2.00 to $3.00 per megawatt hour as early as 2012 and 2013. Now, calculating the effect on Exelon is not as simple as it is for a hypothetical level of carbon legislation. But all of this adds together to say Exelon's clean generation will grow in value in a relatively short time. We are of course positioning our portfolio to capture that value. We do that through continued top performance of our nuclear fleet. Chip Pardee and his team achieved a capacity factor of 94.8% in the second quarter. We do this through our nuclear uprate program, which will add 1300 to 1500 megawatts of baseload nuclear power and support reserve margins as coal plants begin to retire. We do that through our utilities' industry-leading energy efficiency and smart grid programs. Now let me turn to the second reason why I have confidence, which is we are already seeing some signs of power market recovery. While natural gas is the least exciting area that we look at, natural gas prices on the forward curve are remaining consistent with Exelon's long-term fundamental view. While we have seen lower spot market gas prices, we continue to believe that long-term prices will need to reflect long-run marginal costs and the uncertainties associated with them. But more importantly, market implied heat rates in NiHub have already improved in the spot market, they have improved on a forward basis since last quarter, and we believe there is still modest upside in forward market heat rates. This means that even without changes in gas prices, forward energy prices at NiHub could increase by several dollars per megawatt hour for this reason alone. And finally, and most tangibly, the PJM capacity auction results announced in May show that the competitive markets are working. About half of our capacity is in the Eastern zones of PJM. Prices there increased by $100 per megawatt day just since last year. In the Midwestern RTO ranges, prices started much lower, but they increased about $10 per megawatt hour. The demand forecast was up by 1.7% over last year's auctions, and net demand increased by 2000 megawatts as a result of FirstEnergy's entry into PJM. The higher clearing prices across PJM translate to about $400 million in incremental annual revenue to Exelon as compared to the auction the year prior. Looking ahead, we project that the May 2011 RPM auction will result in further increases in price across our region. In other words, an even better price than 2010. Exelon Generation is, of course, poised to capture that value. Our hedging program protects the cash flows of the Company so that we can invest in the system, support the dividend, maintain our investment-grade ratings, all of which are critical to maximizing the value of our utilities and our nuclear fleet. But we also retain the most upside to recovery of any merchant generator. Our 2012 open position is still 50% larger than that of the next largest merchant generator. And to further capitalize on our fundamental view of heat rate expansion, while protecting ourselves against decreases in underlying commodities, we use both gas and power put options, approximately 10% of our expected generation in 2011 and 7% in 2012. Our third reason for optimism is our plans for organic growth. You are all familiar with our nuclear uprate program. In the second quarter, we brought about 30 additional megawatts online at our Quad Cities nuclear station. In Transmission, we continue to evaluate and invest in projects that improve reliability and relieve congestion. Exelon Generation has an agreement with Ameren to install a new transformer in early 2012 that will relieve congestion around our Clinton station and improve pricing for our Midwest fleet in 2012 and beyond. Ameren has already made the requisite FERC filing for the upgrades, and we expect FERC approval later this summer. Exelon Transmission and various other participants in what is called the smart study have completed the first phase of an analysis which identifies three alternatives for high-voltage transmission lines to connect from Illinois eastward in PJM. Going forward, the Exelon Transmission team will tighten its focus on near-term projects and continue to assess where transmission value can best be captured within Exelon. ComEd filed with the Illinois Commerce Commission last month to invest $178 million in reinforcements to our downtown Chicago transmission system. These would ensure reliability in the event of equipment failures and also in the event some generating units serving the Loop are shut down. Thank you, Hugh, and good morning. We see it about like you do. The short answer to your three questions are yes, yes and yes. The way we look at it is there will be a very substantial impacts in the Illinois, Indiana, Missouri area that you describe in your comments. Those impacts will be mitigated by combinations of transmission, RMR and demand management activities. We still see very substantial benefit here for the values of Exelon's Generation. And I want to ask both Ken Cornew and Joe Dominguez to supplement my answer, because, you know, we worked very hard when we developed our Eddystone and Cromby RMR proposals to make certain that we weren't asking for things that were anti-market or anti-green. There are ways to do this that help in both regards. So let me first ask Joe to comment with his insights on your question, and then I will ask Ken to bat cleanup here. Joe Dominguez will take that. It's funny. We always see assets overpriced compared to companies. And I don't think we are seeing a lot of underpriced assets out there. We keep looking, but the people who have the assets that we think will forage best in this environment continue to carry pretty good prices for those assets. So we find that shopping is still work for parsimonious people. There is always risk, but I would point out that we have a lot of room for upside in '12 and '13 and '14 before power prices get back to the levels -- in total -- in absolute levels, they're the levels of increases that we were talking about in the 2006 and '07 periods. But, yes, of course there is risk, and Joe and Darryl Bradford and Bill Von Hoene and Paul Bonney and a whole lot of other people will both be working on managing that risk and also working on ways of handling contractual negotiations so that these increases are feathered in an orderly way. We've been fairly good at finding ways to come up with long-term agreements that soften this volatility on a year-to-year basis, and we will continue to hunt for those ends. Just to wrap up, Exelon, as you all know, is just different than other folks. We are two-thirds to three-quarters a commodity business, and one-third to one-quarter a regulated set of T&D companies. And when you think about that, we kept our earnings well over $4.00 last year in the worst recession in decades. We are beating our expectations this year. And if you look at our earnings range, you can see that we think we have a shot at something in the $3.90s or perhaps even over $4.00 this year. We should do a little better next year. As we've said, '12 is a little tougher, but I think you see growth again in '13 and '14. And I just leave you with this. There are very, very few commodity-driven companies that can hold earnings that well and give you the kind of upside that we can give you. And we are committed to making it happen. Steve, you've known me for much of the last two decades, and you know I am always careful. We've been calling Hilzinger here El Toro because of his optimism, but I doubt if anybody is going to start calling me the elephant anytime soon. We remain very value-driven. We always look. We stay oriented toward cleaner fleets, rather than less clean fleets. But we believe that this is an industry where you need consolidation, but to make it make sense for investors, it has to be earnings accretive in relatively early time periods, and it has to be consistent with our need to maintain investment grade credit ratings. So no, you're not going to hear a lot more trumpeting, trunk waving or roaring around here. We are constantly looking for how you add real value, and that just isn't going to change as long as I sit here.Morning Paul. First, Stacie will be available, and she has access to Chip and others to help answer any of your questions as we go on day by day. And obviously, if you ask something that we think is material information, we will provide an 8-K form if we need to do so. We are absolutely committed to telling you what we know when we know it. But now let me just end by saying this. The Exelon nuclear fleet is the largest and best clean energy fleet in the United States. This is a challenge; it is very serious. We will take it on with great soberness, with total commitment from our people, we expected to impose both new hassles and new costs, but we will meet them thoroughly. And we continue to believe that this nuclear fleet is safe, and the biggest asset in the American energy industry. Thanks Chip. Thank you. Go ahead, Chip. Thank you, Jay. Not a significant change. We think that the uranium is -- the supply and demand are fairly matching out, we see some perturbation with speculation or with specific comp -- countries stockpiling. The most recent run-up was China, going along on their stockpile and speculators jumping in at the same time. That has retreated, taking six perturbation to eight reactors out of the stack, I don't think we will have a significant upside to us in decreasing of costs, so we see minimal effect by this event on long-term future prices. We still believe the 10-mile EPZ is the right planning tool for the US utilities. The issues around the governments sheltering and evacuation, the US' recommendation for US citizens was partially driven through lack of information on what was actually going on in the area. If you come into the States, around every plant, the Company, the State, and the Federal government has indication of radiation releases, meteorological information, much more clarity so that they are much more confident on what is going on but due to the speed of the response, the way the situation was degrading, and the lack of information.Now in our plans, we also go beyond the 10-mile of actuation to do sampling of vegetation, sampling of milk product, to ensure we understand the impact of any drift of minor radiation into the ingestion path. That is what you're seeing at the Japan incident right now, where they are picking up some vegetation, some milk, some vegetable, and some water. And our plans would also perform that increased sampling in those areas, so Chip, I don't know if you have anything other from Washington on that? Please, Chip. Just -- we just, I mean, we just can't put numbers on what this will cost over a three year to five-year period. I mean, you want it, I want it, any sane person wants it; we don't know, but the range from a low to a high would be an order of magnitude. This is going to impose significant costs, perhaps material costs upon us before we are done, but we will manage that as well as we can, and I haven't seen anything that would change my earnings estimate range for the year. And if we do, we will let you know. It's just -- I'm trying very hard to strike what I would call a subjective note here, because we simply can't put numbers on and the exercise would be vain. We take this very seriously, as a new burden for the nuclear industry to carry. At the same time, we've worked our way through worse. And I think we will manage this consistent with the expectations you have for the Company. I just can't do better than that. I wish I could, and when I can, I will. Well, a lot of -- I mean, as every teller said after Three Mile Island, mostly wear and tear on our nerves but, Chip, several -- Chris, several millions? Something -- The implications, yes, but Administrator Jackson has made it very clear that she expects the roles to be case-by-case and fairly flexible. So at the moment, we are not seeing any cost [adaptor] for our nuclear fleet here. We will let you know more when we see the proposals and we know more, but we think the flexibility provisions are going to be pretty important here. Paul, it's John. Let me do that one, Chip tried to address that in his opening comments. Right now, we are holding course in speed. We are not planning any changes and we see, as yet, no reason for changes. The point I was trying to make the other day is that we will -- the last part of the uprates, the so-called EPUs, are a very substantial amount of money. And we will obviously rethink them based on whatever the latest information is before we actually do them. So, assume for the moment that we are on course, but as Chip said before, we are constantly re-looking at the economics, and if something happens in the licensing regime that adversely affects the economics, we will take that into account in our usual cold-blooded way. As to what we will do with the cash, Mr. Hilzinger is always ambitious to improve his overall equity levels, so that's one possibility. We have no particular adventure planned, and anything that we think of that we would do, we communicate to you on its own merits. I mean, this does not automatically increase or decrease investments in our [T&D] Companies or something like that, it's just part of our general cash flow; we look at it accordingly. Good morning. Thank you, Stacie. The earthquake, the tsunami, and the subsequent reactor breakdowns in Japan have captured the attention of the entire world. Companies like Exelon that are heavily involved in the nuclear industry have been following the situation with the reactors as closely as we can. We have daily conference calls with our nuclear management, we work closely with NEI, we are doing everything we can to understand these events as intimately as possible. It now appears that the situation at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station has begun to stabilize, but this situation is clearly worse than the 1979 accident at TMI. It has not become as bad as the Chernobyl event, which as you all know, was a very different kind of reactor run under very different kinds of conditions. But it is a very serious event, indeed, and we at Exelon are treating it accordingly. We have begun the lesson learned process, and the root cause analysis, and we are attempting to apply all that we can learn to our own power plants. Thus far, we have seen continued support for nuclear power in the United States from the White House to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, to the Secretary of Energy, to a number of members of Congress. NRC Chairman Jaczko testified last week that nuclear power in the US remains safe. President Obama reiterated the importance of nuclear power as a continued source of energy, but recognized, as we also do, that the crisis like the one in Japan required continued learning. We will work with regulators and with others like INPO to apply the lessons learned from this situation, so that nuclear energy continues to be a safe, clean, and efficient source of power for the United States. As you all know, I believe that there is little opening for new nuclear plants in the near future. But that view has come from economics, not from safety. I believe that plants in the United States are safe, especially those that Exelon, and we continue to give safety number one priority in running our nuclear fleet. Despite the fact that our plants are not subject to the same earthquake and tsunami risks that have been experienced in Japan. And despite the fact that they differ in some other material respects, we have begun focused safety reviews since the event, and our reviews to date continue to assure us that our plants are safe. Nonetheless, we feel we owe you, our shareholders, our customers, our employees, and our neighbors, that we continue to ask the question and we do it regularly. Our plants are designed to ensure safety, even in severe environmental events, and my colleagues can explain to you the processes we have put in place to respond to emergencies not contemplated in the original designs. Chris Crane and Chip Pardee will talk about such things in more detail. They have been leading an internal team that we developed to monitor the events in Japan [in response]. Chris serves on the Board of Directors of the World Nuclear Association, the Nuclear Energy Institute, and INPO, which just concluded two days of Board meetings where this topic was the major focus. Chip Pardee has been working closely with NEI leadership to represent the industry and to coordinate our responses with the Chief Nuclear Officers of our peer companies. I should also say that the Generation Oversight Committee of our Board of Directors met at our Dresden plant, and heard reports as of a week ago on the state of the plants. Chip Pardee has spent time in Washington DC over the past two weeks, briefing congressional and senate staffers and legislature. Mike Pacilio, Exelon's Chief Nuclear Officer, has stayed at home and focused on the continued safe and effective operations of our own nuclear fleet. While Exelon has more at stake in the proper resolution of these matters than any other US company, our deep bench of industry talent is all the more critical when circumstances like these arise. This allows us to do what we need to do to present a sober, responsible and committed face to the public while also having the [crux] and talent to focus on keeping our own operations first class while we learn from the events elsewhere. With that, I will turn the call over to Chris, and then he will turn it to Chip. Good morning Paul. Good morning. I thought this was about $2 million, am I right, Chris? Wish we could nail it, but we can't. We do expect to hear a lot more about that in public hearings on the Hill and locally, but we feel that the regulator has signaled that the US policy should stand, and will continue to reach out to the public in the States and other stakeholders on that. I think not and I will let Chris and Chip amplify what I'm going to say but I think you need to hear this from me first. I think there is nothing obvious to us that needs to be changed. I do think there are certain areas that are obvious to us that will get reviewed at the front end of the process. One of those is the emergency planning zone questions that was already addressed.Another one is the maintenance of spent fuel in the spent fuel pools beyond the required five years. A third is the general adequacy of the Mark 1 containment. And a fourth, even though I think Hugh Wynne was right when he said they will really look at things other than seismic and tsunamis here, I think we have to be alert for further questions about the adequacy of the seismic standards. So we would see regulatory scrutiny in all of those areas, and we'll be prepared to make our best case. And as you know, we have an agreement with DOE and Justice Department that pays for part of our spent fuel handling cost. That's the indelible contribution of a young man named Tom O'Neill. And we would expect that if we have to do something, that would bear part of that cost. I also intend to suggest that if some change in spent fuel management is required, the cost of that should come out of the money the industry has already paid to -- into the fuel disposal fund but that might even require legislation to make that [fair].So those are the four areas that have come to my attention in our internal discussion so far as being the most likely places of initial investigations. Chris, did you want to add or subtract? Good. well, let me try. I mean, this is John. Obviously, the question you are asking will be asked (inaudible) by the regulators. I mean, that's pretty clear. Chris has given you the best answer we can give you about how where we think it will come out and why. But we can't guarantee there isn't going to be a new review for just the reasons you said. One of the things you just have to constantly deal with here is, at some point, you are dealing with how infinitesimal is the probability of the unforeseen disaster. Now, one's judgment in that respect always gets stretched. Fukushima is a series of events that simply weren't supposed to happen. And I have cautioned my whole (inaudible) operating group that they should take the fact that something happened that simply wasn't supposed to happen with extreme gravity. My entire management has been through the abandoned reactor at Three Mile Island, because we wanted to remind everyone of how serious failure is in this industry. So, we can't guarantee to you that they won't reopen these issues. As Chris has stated, we think the combination of the basic design criteria, plus the operating procedures that have been developed, in the event of failure, should be found to provide an adequate level of protection. But let's not fool ourselves. We're going to spend a lot of money in new regulatory reviews, and we are going to face some new requirements. We just can't put them in a bottle yet. Yes sir. Thanks, Steve. I will do my best. Do you want to do it Chris? Hugh, let me start and then turn it over to Chris. Chip can chime in, too, if he wants. First, we agree with your sobering far-reaching question. We think that's exactly what will happen. And thus, our folks have started to say, okay, this will cause questions to be asked about the entire spectrum of what we call the design basis of the plants. And we've already hired a team of outside experts to help us prepare for just that. Not that we don't think we know how to do most of it ourselves, but some of this just requires folks from -- that wear other hats. so we have that underway. They will, of course, look at the things that you mentioned afresh -- terrorism, which of course they have done, after 9/11.Cyber attacks, the one you mentioned, has already been the subject of inquiry from federal regulators. Other environmental effects, and it's, frankly, impossible for us to put meaningful numbers on what that can be. I mean, we believe that this will cost us some more money, but we can't put numbers and zeros on it, let alone numbers. Yet. Because we simply don't know what changes are being talked about for what plants, and indeed, no one knows at the moment, because the regulator hasn't fully started this. But we will treat this as comprehensively as your question asks. Chris, what do you want to add to that?"
