"You know, I guess what I would tell you is that, you know, it would be, you know, obviously we're disappointed in the sales. And we would like them to be better. And we're working hard to change that. We have absolutely no control over the economy. And so the things that -- the things that we can control we are working on and some of those things like changing your focus on shrink and getting immediate, you know, positive results on produce sales, that's good to see. But some of the other stuff, you know, in -- that fall into the category of strong differentiation and consistent execution, those things take a while to accomplish. And so -- and the price stuff, you know, it's kind of -- you experiment your way through that. And so you have some things that you get real excited about, and you have some things that don't work, as well. But you keep at it. And so, you know, are we disappointed in the sales? Yes. Are we disappointed in some of our experiments? No. And so, you know, we're a determined bunch around here. We've always been successful. We recognize we have to change our formula a bit because things that worked for ten years don't work as well, because the competitive landscape has changed. So the tiger needs to change some of its stripes. And that's what we are setting about to do. Yeah, I don't even -- that sort of predates my time here. You know, I don't know if we can give those -- You know, Meredith, we've never failed and it's true this year as well we've never failed to exceed our sales estimates and we've never failed to exceed our income estimates in either the first year or the third year numbers. I would say true on both counts. In fact, if you go back to I think the previous quarter, you know, we talked about the fact that, you know, we have been a little aggressive on the shrink and we backed off of our goals. Still, if you compare our shrink results versus a year ago, we are improved versus a year ago. But we're moving a bit more slowly and I have even used the term sort of reengineering that approach to shrink. We think there's a way to move forward and do that without sacrificing sales. And we -- in the produce area, we got a very nice and quick response to the adjustments that we made there. In meat, as you can probably appreciate, it's a little bit slower to get that to pop back. And what I would say, I think the competitive environment is roughly the same. I think, you know, everybody has their own sort of view of the economy. I think that we would say that the economy got a little bit tougher in the quarter. You can probably see that from even some other retail numbers that are published on a regular basis. I think competitive activity is kind of more of the same. I would say that what we're doing on the price side, I mean, it's all very conscious decisions. And those decisions are made, you know, somewhat independent of what's going on in the cost of goods side. We look at the market and we look at how we think the marketplace will react to a change in price. You know, I guess the way I would describe our relationship with the, you know, the major union that we deal with would be the UFCW. Obviously we also have some Teamster relationships. You know, I would say that we have a good relationship with the UFCW. It's important to have a relationship both at the international level and the local level. As a practical matter, you -- deals get done, contracts get signed, things get restructured at the local level. And so it's important to have good relationships at both of those. It's a lot easier to talk about recent negotiations, all of which have been successful. And I think when you say that, that means that, that both parties felt good about the results. When you say you're successful. Correct. You know, I would answer it this way, the aggregate, you know, this number is not materially different from the last quarter. And, you know, some obviously got a little better, some slipped a little bit. It's kind of in the aggregate it's about the same as last quarter. You know, we did try to address that earlier. I think that, you know, we probably had we stayed with our aggressive shrink program, you probably wouldn't have seen contraction. But as we talked a quarter ago, we felt that was impacting top line sales and so we have to reengineer our approach to that. I don't want to get into the details of how we get to the 84 cents. You know, I just want to say we're comfortable with that and we're determined to build sales. And we'll be thoughtful about how we invest. Yeah. Well -- There was a pronounced improvement. And if you look at those numbers, and I have recently, at that time there was a pronounced improvement on the part certainly of our company and I think other supermarkets, and there was a pronounced decline, very pronounced, and in fact club store sales became negative in 1993 and 1994. And in '94, you know, even some of the sales were trimmed, you know, in the growth of mass. And, you know, I would certainly attribute, you know, some of that, if not a large part of that, you know, to, hey, the price component moved back to its normal position in the equation and people went to their convenient choices. That's what I'm saying. We are still beating those estimates on sales and we're still beating those estimates on income for all capital projects including the audits that we're doing this year. So it's very consistent. If I recall correctly, Vasant, I don't think we've yet had a year below a 25 percent pre-tax cash flow return. Yeah. Well, you know, you're correct that historically it's been a real positive impact on gross margin. It's also true that the -- that private label volume continues to behave better than national brand volume. But some of the price adjustments that we're making are in fact in some of the private label categories. And so, you know, that would -- that aspect would have a depressing effect. But I would tell you that private label remains a very important piece of our overall gross margin equation. And we think it also remains a very important piece of retaining customer loyalty, because we have got some, you know, really outstanding signature brands that can only be purchased at Safeway. Right. Thank you, Melissa. Our net income for the quarter finished at $281 million. That compares with $309 million for the same quarter a year ago. Expressed in terms of earnings per share, we made 60 cents per share this quarter. Again, that compares with the 60 cents per share we made in the same quarter in 2001. The 60 cents per share from last year, I would remind everyone, included a goodwill expense charge of some 6 cents, so on a pure apples-to-apples basis the earnings per share numbers would be 60 cents this year versus 66 cents last year. The flat quarterly earnings resulted really from a combination of soft sales, a decline in gross margin and an increase in O&A expenses expressed as a percentage of sales. Turning first to sales, our comparable store sales were a negative .7 percent and our identical same-store sales were a negative 1.4 percent. While we continue to be impacted by a soft economic conditions, our soft sales were also the result of deflation and a conscious effort to invest in gross margin. In terms of competitive activity, we would judge the competitive activity on the quarter to be roughly equal to what we experienced in Quarter 2. Turning to gross margin, gross margin declined 26 basis points on the quarter. While some of this decline reflects a response to competitive changes, the bulk of this decline reflects conscious investments to drive sales. Now, some of these investments as expected generated some immediate positive results. Some other adjustments in price really fall into the category of pump priming. You may recall I indicated in the last quarter that we would be making investments in both regular and promotional prices. And you can probably guess that the promotional investments yield a more immediate response, but we think investment in regular prices is also an important part of our longer-term strategy. And those respond a little more slowly, but we think they're good investments to make and they fall into the pump priming category. And then, frankly, some other investments that we made in price proved ineffective and those we have abandoned. Going forward, we'll continue to invest in gross margin as we expand our list of successful price adjustments. The gross margin investments were more extensive than the 26 basis points of decline would suggest. But because we continue to reduce cost of goods and so some of that cost of goods reduction refused to finance these gross margin investments. Looking at O&A expenses, O&A expenses increased 90 basis points over last year. The reported increase is a more modest 49 basis points due to the 51 basis point reduction resulting from the goodwill amortization change. So the right way to look at it is really the 90 basis points of increase. The largest element of this increase was health benefits, followed by real estate and occupancy costs, followed then by a reduction in reported pension income. In terms of EBITDA margin, our margin on the quarter was 9.35 percent, and this results in a four-quarter average now of 9.92 percent. Our interest coverage ratio was 7.4 times interest for the quarter and 8.2 times for the last 52 weeks. Our interest expense remained relatively flat at just a shade over $101 million. Despite an increase in average borrowings to support the stock repurchase program. Our average borrowing rate declined from 6.63 percent to 5.76 percent. During the quarter, we financed about a billion five with some debt offerings. We did a $225 million offering for a three-year term at an interest rate of 3.8 percent. We did a $480 million offering for a five-year term at 4.8 percent. And we did a 10-year offering of some $800 million at 5.8 percent. Turning to capital expenditures, our capital expenditures for the quarter were $500 million. We believe we are on track to spend about a billion nine this year, while opening 75 to 80 new stores and completing approximately 200 remodels. Roughly 1.7 billion of the billion nine would represent cash -- what we call cash Cap Ex. The capital program should enable us to generate five to $600 million worth of free cash flow for the year. In terms of other significant events, we took advantage of a soft stock price and low interest rates and repurchased 32.9 million shares during the quarter at a total cost of $918 million. This brings our total repurchases to 79.7 million shares at a cost of $2.8 billion, leaving $730 million available for repurchases under the current level of board authorization. And then finally, let me finish with some guidance for the fourth quarter. We are comfortable with the consensus earning estimate of 84 cents per share for Q4 as published by First Call. While I say we're comfortable with the 84 cents, I would tell you that that 84 cents does not consider that under SFAS 142, we will need to test our goodwill for potential impairment again in the fourth quarter. So absent that, comfortable with the 84 cents. Obviously, we haven't made any of those calculations, so we don't know exactly how that would enter into the fourth quarter earnings. I think with that, Melissa, I'm going to open it up for questions. Well, here's what I would tell you. I think everybody is sitting there trying to figure out and they ask us all the time and they ask all other retailers, you know, to what extent is the softness in sales a secular shift and to what extent is it result of cyclical conditions? And the fact is that no one really knows. We think that it is predominantly cyclical. You know, someday the economy will become more normal. And then we'll all have the answer to that. But when I talked about, you know, strengthening our differentiation, you know, with other channels and frankly people in our own sector, those are things that you do in order to win in both good times and bad. And so I think that while, you know, people are frequenting some other channels a bit more than they used to, the vast majority of consumers still prefer a conventional, conveniently located, you know, good value shopping experience. And so, you know, we think that when the economy improves, we'll get a nice pop in sales. And that was certainly -- that was certainly true in the last economy. And you might say, well, there weren't as many super centers back in 1991 and 1992. And while all of that's true, if you look at our markets, you know, we still don't have an abundance of super centers in our markets. About 15 percent of our stores would be within eight miles of the new brand of super centers. Obviously, we have been close to real Canadian superstore. We have been close to Costco. We have been close to Food Lion and other price vehicles, but again, you know, we think it's predominantly, you know, economy-driven because there's been no serious step-up over the course of the last, say, 14 months in the number of super centers that we compete with. You know, Meredith, we haven't made the calculation, but you could probably make this calculation on your own. I gave you our -- our average interest rate on the quarter. I guess it wouldn't be as accurate as a calculation we would make. And you probably have or will ask for what our total debt is. Obviously, the number comes down a little bit, but it's a very healthy coverage ratio. Yeah. I think, John, that you're again correct that we did invest more than the 75 to 100 percent range, otherwise the gross would have been flat or slightly up. And, you know, when you start making these investments, I mean, you know, we're not making sort of across-the-board investments, you know, we're -- we're experimenting with different things in different markets and things that work to the extent that we think we need to make similar investments in other markets, we transport those to those markets. So I think that I would say that whether you are talking about adjustments in regular prices or whether you are talking about adjustments in promotional prices, we have had winners and losers in both camps. And, you know, when you carry, you know, roughly 40,000 stock-keeping units, I mean, that's -- that's -- that's a lot of things to sort of tinker with. And, you know, we -- we don't want to overspend, but there is no question that there is an element of investment spend that you have to make that begins to change some perception about price that has payoffs in subsequent quarters. And so we're doing a little bit of both. You could spend all of your money on the promotional side and maybe get a more immediate response, but I don't think it would be the right response long haul. Yeah. You know, we'll probably discuss that in November. But, you know, we continue to add SKUs and prune other SKUs and as you could expect, in the markets where we are-- are lower on private label volume, those markets tend to be growing faster than in markets that are already, you know, quite high. But that's always the case. Or more. Something in that magnitude. If you look at, you know, we -- we don't have perfect information about market share. We -- not everybody, as you know, contributes to, you know, the different services that are available. If you look at the -- if you look at the food channel, and you know, where everybody's scanned data is in there and you look either at dollar volume or you look at unit volume, we would have -- we would actually have positive numbers. If you look at food, drug, which really misses most of the masked guys, those numbers are also positive. So you know, what you've got, you know, contributing I think to the negative numbers, you've got -- you've got us, on the one hand, you know, struggling, you know, a bit in the -- in the acquired markets. You've got a soft economy, which I talked about last time, that's causing what we think is secular channel shifts. And then you have got deflation. And those are the major factors. If there was a fourth factor that I would add it's one I have talked about in the past and it's become less of an item, but the transition that we're going through from a fully decentralized to a centralized marketing organization invariably, you know, causes people to take their eye off the ball a little bit. But if we go back a couple of quarters where I talked about service levels in produce and meat. Our service levels in produce and meat today are as good if not better than they have ever been. So we're completely through that transition. Does that help you at all? I mean, we are doing different things. I mean, we have a very extensive, you know, card base. We, you know, I think one of the things that I used to talk about, you know, on the application of technology was, you know, we're working on some technology would allow to us do certain things. And it's always frustrating, you know, you set a deadline out there for technology and, you know, you quite often miss it. So I just decided to go underground on what we were doing there. And if someday I choose to talk some big wins there, you know, we might do that. But I don't want anybody sitting on the edge of their chair waiting for some application of technology that's going to represent some silver bullet. I don't think that -- I don't think we have any silver bullets, you know, in the belt here. But we're using a lot of technology. We are using technology, you know, to operate the business. We are using technology, some of which we think is unique, to adjust our prices. We are using it in promotions. We think there is no end to what we can do, you know, with our common platform. But some of the stuff just takes more time than others and, you know, we've got a large number of experiments under way and some of them get us real excited and others do not. So, you know, I think that, you know, some of the things that we are working on to grow sales, you know, clearly fall into that category. But we're very focused on the merchandising aspects of our game and differentiating things that are highly visible to customers. The answer is we're still doing them. The internal rate of return calculations that we make actually treat a lease store as if it were owned. And so we -- we treat the investment as if we had made an all-cash investment and it's a cash-on-cash pre-tax return. You know, I wouldn't say there's really any change there. I mean, I -- I continue to believe that, you know, what I'd say major transactions that were done, you know, in the mid to late '90s are -- we are not going to see those for a while. I'm not sure when you would see those. And the opportunities that we are presented with tend to be small deals and fragmented deals, and I think we are going to see a lot more of that, because as you see some of the largest, you know, supermarket companies, you know, struggling a little bit on the sales front, you can only imagine what some of the less capitalized, you know, regional players would be experiencing. And I think that everybody is confronted with the same economic condition and maybe a lot of people are confronted with the same sort of change in competitive landscape. And some people are better equipped than others to deal with that. No. I would say we were stronger, you know, we were stronger at the beginning and a little weaker at the end. You know, it's -- it's really a combination. We don't -- you know, we don't break out those numbers, but I would tell you that we've got markets where, you know, transactions are, you know, modestly up. We've got markets where transactions are down. We do have a change in the ticket, you know, really across the board. And I think there continues to be evidence that, you know, people have traded down. You're correct that in some adjustments you make, it may take a while to get the price perceptions. There are other things that you can do that can get that price perception right away. And you know, occasionally, you have a regular price item that, you know, as a practical matter, you sell most of it on sale and so when you adjust that regular price down, it really doesn't impact your gross margin at all because you never sold anything at the old price. So those things are also true in this process, but when I talk about, you know, pump priming, I think that that's what some of that investment is where it might take a little bit longer. And I also think that the process is a little bit stalled by the fact that customers make slightly different choices in tough times. I think you've heard me say that as customers think about where they are going to shop, you know, in all the market research that's ever been done on the subject the number one reason is typically convenience. And usually, price is fourth or fifth. And I think in a soft economic environment, price moves up. And I think in better times, price moves back down. And so that's part of the reason why the response is maybe a bit slower than it would be in more normal times and you have to consider those things, as well. So we're seeing no deterioration in those returns. Yeah. You know, I think it depends. I remain comfortable with the guidance, you know? But, you know, I think that no one really knows, you know, how the economy would play out. And, you know, obviously, you know, we've got to defend our market share, and so I can't really give you a forecast on gross. But I can reiterate our comfort with the consensus number. I'm not sure I understand your use of the word &quot;segments.&quot; Maybe you can elaborate on that? And, you know, we need to build share against any and all comers. You know, it does help your stock price if the whole sector is doing, you know, somewhat well. But -- and, you know, that would -- I guess from that standpoint, I'd like the sector to be doing better. But frankly where we're focused and determined is to differentiate our concept in such a way that we are successful in good times and bad and we think we know exactly how to do that. It takes a little bit of time. You know, we've spent the last 10 years building what we think is the most efficient machine in terms of delivery. And certainly we've differentiated ourselves on the service and store standards and other fronts. And now I think we have got the cost structure that allows us to go after some of the things that would be more in the merchandising category and would really differentiate in the consumers' eyes. And it's one of those things that essentially, unlike most of our strategy up to this point, we have been able to keep it hidden from view. You know, investors and analysts are always asking me, well, when you do something, will we be able to see it? And what I'm talking about, you will be able to see. But, you know, historically we have done a great job executing in retail. And, you know, we intend to put the same determination into these points of difference that you've seen us do on the service strategy and in-stock condition and cost reduction and all those other factors. So while I'd like to think that this would be invisible to my competition, it won't be, but I think what will be distinctive is our ability to execute on it. To start with I would say virtually everything you mentioned is sort of what I would put into the category of ordinary course. Those are just things that we do in the ordinary course of business. To get customers' attention and to get them to respond to either a change in regular price or a change in promotion. If you asked me where we are in the process, I would say that we're in the early beginnings of that process. And to Vasant's earlier point, it would be nice if you could just, you know, sit down in some, you know, lab somewhere and, you know, with a bunch of equations and try to figure out all the price adjustments and then go live. But that's not the way it really works. You are much better off to make some simple adjustments, see how they work out, see what the response is, then maybe roll that forward in some other markets or extend it to some other categories. And so we're doing it on what we think is a pretty measured pace. And there are lots of things that I would say I am very enthusiastic about. But, you know, as you can appreciate, those are the very things that I wouldn't talk about on a call like this. And I think that, you know, if we're going to be successful in making all of these adjustments and building our market share, you know, across all channels, we sort of have to keep the details of that to ourselves. But I think it's the beginning of the process and there are some things that are very impactful and then there are some things that we tried and didn't work. Sometimes you try things and they appear to not work and you should really stick with them. So we are trying to figure out which ones we should stick with and give a little more playing time to, or should we move on to some other kind of adjustment. I know that sounds like not a lot of definition for you, but that's really the way the process works. We have it somewhere. We'll check in the archives. You know, I said a couple of weeks ago when I was back in New York at an investor conference, that, you know, back in 1992, actually mid 1992, when I was a consultant to the company, my charge was to really figure out a way to compete with club stores. And we developed a strategy at that time to do it. And that was coupled, you're correct, with a turnaround strategy for the company which was predominantly at that time, you know, invest in price. And, you know, early in 1993, you know, I probably thought that our strategy was a stroke of genius because there was such a great response, but in all fairness, I don't think we were that impactful against club. I think that club saw a cyclical shift in their demand when the price variable took on less importance. And while our strategy was good, it wasn't all the genius that maybe we thought in 1993 and we were benefiting as much from a recovery in the economy as we were the genius of our own strategy. Okay. With regard to the health benefit number, I mean, this is a number that probably affects everybody. With us, the bulk of our healthcare expenses are the result of union contracts that we have throughout the vast majority of our operations. And what that means is, that you can only address those at points of renegotiation. And what I would tell you is that in every negotiation we have had, probably for the last six months or more, that's been a number that has been front and center in those negotiations. And we believe that's the place to deal with it. And we believe that we're making good progress on that. Healthcare costs across the country are, you know, escalating once again, and we can't allow that escalation to hurt our business. So our contracts, basically we would probably have to be through all of our contracts in roughly a three-year cycle so order of magnitude about a third of them come up each year. With regard to sort of the economy, I'll take your question this way. Obviously, you know, we continue to see people falling out and we think that helps our business. But I don't want anybody to think that -- that we are simply sitting here looking forward to the day when the economy improves and aren't doing anything inside our business to change our sales fortunes. We're making all kinds of adjustments in the business. And just to kind of give you a generic direction here, we've done a really good job differentiating our business in terms of service without question the best in the industry. In-stock conditions the best in the industry. Check stand line lengths the best in the industry. Store standards as good as anybody out there. What we're now focused on is really more on the merchandising side of things and creating a real distinction particularly in the perishable departments. It's not easy to do that in the grocery and GMHBC. So we are making adjustments in those perishable or perimeter departments that we think will cause us to stand above the crowd and win regardless of economic environment. Now, maybe we won't face another recession, they seem to come in 10-year cycles. But essentially, you know, we're determined to be successful on the top-line sales number in good times and bad. And we're making some strategy adjustments to make that happen. And the price stuff, we have already talked about. You know, the quick answer is probably not, because, you know, while I might be considered a bit of an industry leader, you know, I'm really concerned with our own success. Mark, you know, we haven't made a, you know, hard and fast calculation of deflation. We have looked at the different categories. I've observed what, you know, others have reported as they have announced their earnings. We have seen deflation in both meat and produce. We've seen, you know, pretty flat numbers in the grocery category. We did not take a LIFO charge this quarter, for example. When you look at things like beef and pork, the deflation is quite pronounced, you know, in the five to six percent range. And, you know, this is -- this is always an awkward calculation because some people look at things on a cost-per-pound basis, and what do you do about mix? And so it's a -- it's a complicated calculation. And so I'm reluctant to try to reduce it to a single number except to tell you that, you know, it was -- it was clearly impactful, you know, on the cost of product side, but probably more impactful is what's happening on the retail price side with the changes that we have made in gross margin. So, you know, you could probably easily attribute the combination of those would probably be worth, what did we think, Vasant, probably at least one percent? I guess, what I would say is that, you know, it's -- there is so much change going on, you know, in the marketplace that, you know, the last thing I'd want to do is sort of opine on either the EBITDA margin or the growth rate at this point. You know, we are going to comment, I'm sure, on both of those items at the investor conference scheduled in November. And that's an opportunity for us to, you know, spend four or five hours kind of giving an A to Z look at our business and I think that's the appropriate time to do that. And that's when we'll do it. I guess what I would say, Steve, we have commented earlier on the call that, you know, if anything, you know, the economy softened a little bit, you know, in the third quarter. The consensus estimate is, you know, 84. We think that that's a number we're comfortable with. We think it's smart to be comfortable with that number. Let me describe it this way. In the most recent quarter, we did settle a contract which materially lowers our healthcare costs. Without going into the details of how that happens, you know, there are different ways to do that in different markets. And as we work with the different union leaders that we negotiate with on a market-by-market basis, we have surprised ourselves with some of the creative solutions that have come forward. Some we think we have generated, but I would say we have gotten some pretty creative solutions advanced by the union leaders themselves, and I can think about that is certainly true in the negotiations that we completed this quarter, and it's also true in some ongoing negotiations. So I would say that we -- we feel good about the negotiations that we're having with the unions. We think that they understand this healthcare issue reasonably well. They understand our need to get our costs under control. And I think we have seen some pretty creative solutions on that score and it doesn't necessarily require a premium. There are other ways to deal with that.Yeah, I would say that, you know, it would be an exaggeration to say we learn from every store, because it takes it a while to sort of crystallize that thinking, but we have, we have learned so much from the initial Lifestyle stores that I think had we not put that learning to work, we probably would have seen a moderation in the sales performance per store. We just finished the store here in Livermore, it will have its grand opening on Friday, and it is, it is very different from the first stores that we did in this market. So it, it is predominantly about tailoring, not just for the demographics, but tailoring to the competitor environment as well. I think we've talked about it maybe on these previous calls, but, you know, we have, we laid out at the investor conference, we have variations that might, that might from the low to the high double the size, double the cost of the Lifestyle store and the low one is probably maybe a 40% reduction in cost to what we would have normally done. And those tend to apply in rural areas and we've actually had rural area Lifestyle stores with 100% increases in sales. Because it is such an extraordinary vehicle in that environment. So that's what we're trying to put to work. It's not simply the content in the store, but how that store fits into a particular locale and then of course we've got the experience now of having opened almost 900 of these and I can't, I can't overemphasize how valuable it is to have done this 900 times. And we have a couple thousand people in this company. This is all they do. Yeah, I mean I think, I think the environment is not, you know, it's probably a little different from what it was a year ago in that a year ago, a lot of the poor-performing assets from the Albertson's transaction, you know stopped becoming grocery stores or began the conversions to some other use or in some cases, some other owner. So I think relative to a year ago, there's probably a little bit less of that going on. Although I think, I think you'll continue to see bits and pieces of that happening. I still think that the assets that Super Value chose not to take, I still think that a lot of those assets are marginal assets and I think will ultimately trade hands. And I see us to be a beneficiary of that, probably, probably less from acquiring some of those assets than from benefiting from, you know, the activity in the market and a change in ownership. Is a net cash generator and has been for a long time. So it actually -- it throws off cash. It's just that the cash that it throws off in the fourth quarter, there's so much of that that is transitional, but as, as that business grows, and as we introduce products that are -- generate even more cash, we'll eventually bring Blackhawk back into the free cash flow equation, but continue to isolate transitional components. You know, I think what I want -- our tendency is to really talk about it once we sort of create it and have some good results, but we are working, you know, very hard on some other growth engines and feel very good about what we might be able to produce and so, let me just kind of leave it there. But absolutely confident we're going to create another growth engine and it's going to be a serious growth engine. I mean our new store program continues to be pretty moderate. We still think that's the right course of action, given that, you know, we've got another 50% of our stores to Lifestyle. The Lifestyle stores, you know, continue to perform famously. I think, it could have been in the last call, I mentioned that we're now into our -- we've got some Lifestyle stores that are four years old and while the data set on the last call was quite small, as we look at the fourth year of the Lifestyle stores, they're performing just as well as the stores did in the second year and in the third year, which is actually pretty remarkable. So again from a pure return on investments standpoint, plus the fact that we consider the Lifestyle stores to be every bit a good defense as they are an offense, you know, we're going to continue to -- we're going to continue to focus on remodels. We're, you know, we're very alert to good real estate that comes up and sometimes we'll buy that real estate and secure it for future store sites, but I don't think you will see us be aggressive with conventional store growth until we get much further along in the remodel effort, but it -- because it just makes so much sense to do that. And that's also a good strategy relative to any new entrance that comes against us. We would typically Lifestyle the store in advance of a new entrance coming into any of our markets and that, that seems to be, you know, a very good strategy for us. Well, here's what I would tell you. When you look at, at the growth rate of Blackhawk and you recall from the investor conference, as we laid out the next five years, we felt that that business would grow at an 80% compound rate. That being said, if you were to sell a piece of that to the public to try to, you know, put a public value out there, which would imply some value of our remaining holdings, with that kind of growth, it's a little hard to think about doing that in the near-term because we would just leave way too much on the table. The idea in creating Blackhawk, as well as some other vehicles that we want to create, was to supplement the growth of the supermarket business, with some newly created growth engines. So the last thing you would think about is an outright spin, you know, just to impress the world that you could do a start-up and create great value. It was really designed to generate earnings growth for the Company. That isn't to say that someday you might not share some of that, but I would just tell you it's, it's way too early because you would give away too much. Sure. Organics, you recall was a huge win last year. Last year we did 164 million the first year. We will threaten 300 million this year on O-Organics. We launched the, we launched the Eating Right brands. It has roughly half the SKUs of O-Organics at the same stage of its life and we're probably in Week 18 or 20 there and we're outpacing O-Organics. So right now, our feeling is that eating right will be equally as good as O-Organics, which I mean to say it was a grand slam is an understatement. I think we just broke Hank Aaron's home run record with O-Organics and maybe on our way of doing that again with Eating Right. I'm a baseball fan. No. We haven't, we haven't noticed any real change in, you know in, consumer behavior. You know, it's a gradual thing. I mean you see some, you see some maybe trading down some items, but it's not easy to get a handle on the subtle shifts in that. You have to see something a bit more dramatic, I think, so it's not -- my primary caution about the quarter was I wanted to, I wanted to get back on track with our shrink performance and, you know, I've just been introduced with more inflation than I've seen in the 15 years I've been here and so I don't know what the second half is going to bring and we just want to be careful about it. Their next -- You're implying Blackhawk would create another start-up-- We're very good at predicting how those numbers will behave on the year and are very seldom wrong. What's really hard is the quarter to quarter. We benefited both from a negative lump this quarter and a positive lump, but, but on the year, you know, you're going to see that we'll basically deliver the numbers that we expect. The other comment we would make there, we think that's the best way to give investors a clear view of our free cash flow today, but as the Blackhawk business grows and as it introduces products that materially improve its cash flow, we'll probably start -- we'll bring Blackhawk cash flow back in to this equation, it could be sometime in 2008 and continue to separate for you the transitional components that happen in that fourth quarter. Sure. I mean for right now, what I've chosen to do is take those folks that directly reported to Brian, consolidate those reporting relationships a little bit, and personally get a lot closer to the marketing effort. So when you think about it, I have taken four direct reports from marketing. I used to have one. That was Brian. I've added three direct reports. I have three VPs that report to me. And then I have Blackhawk. So I probably have the fewest direct reports in the executive management team. That's good, because I spend a lot of time just thinking about the business strategically. The thing that I think investors need to understand is that the strategy that we've been tracking on was, you know, developed in 2003. Brian wasn't here. The Lifestyle store was developed in late 2003. Brian wasn't here. People that developed O-Organics and Eating Right are still here. The guy that designed the Ingredients For Life campaign has been here for 11 years. And so, the strength in, the strength in marketing exists in the player set that's in marketing. Brian, Brian did a great job. I think his greatest legacy is he, he helped us make centralization work, but I think Brian himself would tell you that he didn't do all these things personally. He was, he was a good leader and we were, we were happy to have him, but we don't believe we've skipped a beat and, you know, frankly I'm enjoying doing a little bit of marketing right now as we try to figure out what we want to do longer-term. Well, you know, we -- you know, if I were to look at, you know, we did make, we did make investments in price in the quarter, but, we continue to reduce a lot of our operating costs, cost of goods, and other supply chain elements, but we did get hurt. You're absolutely correct. To the extent that we had a lag in passing through some of the commodity increases equivalent to $0.02 a share, all of that would have gone into gross margin. Perhaps another way of saying it is that had we not experienced the kind of inflation we did in the second quarter, particularly on the commodity side, we would have had a higher gross margin. I didn't answer that. It's actually positive to the private label program because it, it, you know, on a relative basis it puts our private label, particularly on the process side, puts us in better shape. With milk, it's a non-issue because, you know, basically most milk is private label. But I think if you're looking at the center of the store, the center of the store benefits when we experience inflation in national brand center of the store items. The answer is yes, and keep in mind, you know, comments I made earlier on the call. There will be a pronounced impact of Blackhawk in the fourth quarter, because they are so strong. And then also bear in mind that our gross margin guidance was really excluding fuel. So if you exclude fuel, we were up 20 in the first quarter, essentially flat in the second quarter. So bottom line is the guidance we gave you on gross margin, you know, we're quite confident that we'll have those kinds of numbers. You do -- you're correct that in some, high growth markets, where if we take our market share and we look at the stores that we're building, there are a couple of markets that I can think of where we're not building -- let's say if we have a 20% share, we're not building 20% of the stores. So from that standpoint, you can lose share. And in that market. But if you have good, strong ID sales growth that will compensate for that, and when you look at our market share in the supermarket channel, it's an all-in share. It's a combination of what we're doing with our ID's, together with our new store building program, so despite a very modest store building program, we are gaining market share. So when we tune that thing back up to a more normalized program, our market share gains ought to be stronger than what they are now. And at the end of the day, as you can appreciate, you know, the profitability of driving those sales through existing boxes is so much greater than putting new capital to work in a new box. And so we know it's important, but it's not overpowering. It hasn't hurt us. It hasn't hurt our ability to grow earnings, you know, in the last couple years north of 20, and this year at a very respectable, you know, number. We're quite comfortable with what we're doing, and, you know, someday we'll change it. But not for a couple of years. Thank you, Melissa. We reported $218.2 million in the second quarter. This compares with a reported $246.2 million from one year ago. When you express that in terms of earnings per share, this quarter we made $0.49, as contrasted with $0.55 one year ago. I'm sure most of you recall that a year ago we had a very large tax refund from the federal government, some $318 million. A piece of that refund was accrued interest, which was in excess of $58 million. And so last year when we reported our second quarter, we isolated that $0.13 a share because we didn't think it was appropriate to associate it with that quarter. When you make the same adjustments this year, you see that this quarter's $0.49 a share compares very favorably with the tax adjusted number from last year, which would be $0.42 a share, which is equivalent to a 17% increase in earnings per share. We're clearly pleased with our results for the quarter. That $0.49 per share puts us at $0.01 cent ahead of the consensus estimate and is the result of both strong sales growth and an expansion in our operating margin. Turning first to sales, total sales increased on the quarter 4.9% over last year. Comparable store sales increased, also 4.9% when you include fuel, and then when you exclude fuel, comparables advanced some 4%. The more conservative definition, which is the one that we follow more closely, is the identical store sales, which increased 4.5% when you include fuel and increase 3.7% when fuel is excluded. This represents the fifth consecutive quarter that non-fuel related ID's have equaled or exceeded 3.5%. Sales increases continue to be well balanced, with perishable and nonperishable both generating ID's in excess of 3% and our market share, as we measure it, which is confined to the supermarket channel, has now grown for the tenth consecutive quarter. Turning to gross margin, while our gross margin rate, as reported, declined 15 basis points, higher fuel sales explains 14 basis points of that decline. Maybe stated a bit differently, our non-fuel gross margin rate was essentially flat for the quarter. Looking at O&A expenses, O&A expenses declined 37 basis points from last year's second quarter. Again, 15 basis points of this decline is the result of higher fuel sales. The remaining 22 basis points of non-fuel-related declines is largely the result of sales growth, which is leveraging some of our fixed costs, employee-related expense reductions, with a very strong contribution coming from reductions in workers' comp, and then lastly, net property gains, which were partially offset by higher store occupancy costs, reflecting our aggressive capital program and a smaller increase in energy costs. While we had a large gain in non-operating properties, we also had a large offsetting loss related to the lease exit costs associated with the closure of 14 stores in Dominics, which you recall we announced in the first quarter, but those closures took place really in the second quarter. Turning to interest expense, our interest expense declined almost $2 million, due to lower outstanding debt levels, partially offset by a slightly higher average interest rate. The average borrowing declined by $228 million on the quarter from last year, and at the same time, our borrowing rate increased some 10 basis points, still at an attractive level, 6.26 versus 6.36 this year. Turning to capital expenditures, we completed 4 new stores and 59 remodels during the quarter, so if you look on the year to date basis through two quarters, we have completed 5 new stores. Again, our new store program, as well as the remodel program tends to be back half loaded and we have completed a total of 82 remodels, and those numbers are very consistent with our experience from last year. As a result, we now have 48% of our 838 stores in the Lifestyle format. We of course expect to have 60% of those stores in that format by the end of this year. We've invested a total of $753 million year to date and then we believe we're on track to spend 1.7 billion by year end. Looking at income taxes, our income tax rate in the second quarter was 35.5%. For a long time we believed a normal tax rate for us was essentially 38%, but you recall historically we've always managed to do things in the quarter. We managed taxes like any other cost, and we oftentimes beat that 38% number. Going forward, to give you some longer-term guidance, we believe that a more normal rate is now much closer to 37%. The tax rate for the first half of this year was 36.3%, which suggests that we think that the tax rate in the back half will be around 37. Keep in mind we still have a lot of tax issues outstanding. We, we are chasing after some of the state refunds that relate to the same thing they gave as a federal refund, so those numbers will, of course, change from quarter to quarter. This quarter's reduced rate is largely the result of a new FASB ruling, you know, famously referred to as FIN 48. I'll let Robert explain that, should anybody have a deep interest. And so the quarter was, you know, impacted, you know, moderately in addition to FIN 48, by some favorable resolution of some prior year tax issues. Turning to cash flow, this was a very solid quarter for free cash flow at $297 million. This free cash flow performance enabled us to reduce debt by $149 million during the quarter, while at the same time purchasing 3.4 million shares of our own stock. The 3.4 million shares were purchased for an average price of $35.52 per share for a total expenditure of $120 million. This leaves us with the remaining authorization to purchase additional, an additional $627 million worth of stock. Turning to guidance, really for the balance of the year, you know, we feel very good about our performance here in the first half. We feel equally good about our performance in the second half. In response to that, we're narrowing our EPS guidance from a range that has been $1.90 to $2.00 a share to a range of $1.95 to $2.00 per share. I'm sure some of you, maybe all of you, would prefer that we increase our guidance, but as good as we feel about the back half and we're off to a good start, we think it's more prudent to simply narrow that range. And let me give you a couple of reasons for that. You may recall that last year we set what we thought was a pretty aggressive target for reducing shrink in our stores, and we beat that target by more than 100%. In fact, we -- what would normally be a target for us we turned in almost 2.5 years worth of progress on shrink last year. We set an equally aggressive target this year, and we're not tracking on that target, which means that when you look at our performance on the year through the first half, we come up short against our shrink target. We have lost no ground to what we gained last year, but we just haven't hit those numbers. We believe we'll be on track with our back half goals, could possibly beat that, but we're just trying to be a little cautious here. While on the first half we're ahead of the consensus estimate, we are essentially right on our number. Our plan number is essentially what we produced in the first half. We are also experiencing, you know, more product inflation than we have experienced in a long time. And while the conventional wisdom is the product inflation is good for retail companies, you know, we've had very little experience with that, but I can share what that experience is. We remain confident and we've had enough experience to know that we can pass along the vast majority of cost increases. When you have cost increases in the commodity areas, like fuel and milk and eggs and butter, you typically are passing on cost increases and protecting your pennies of profit. When you have cost increases in the center of the store, you typically are protecting your gross margin, and so those increases actually are, tend to be more beneficial, you know, from a profit standpoint than the commodity areas. At the same time in the commodity areas, there tends to sometimes be a lag now and then, and then any time you raise prices, you have the potential for a dampening of demand. So again, as good as we feel about the back half, I think there's enough inflation and worry out there that we just want to be a little cautious about what happens relative to inflation in the back half of the year. By narrowing the EPS range, you know, we are targeting a 13 to 16% EPS improvement. Couple that with our dividend yield and you get a very respectable result relative to how the S&P typically performs. That comes on top of generating two successive years with earnings per share growth in excess of 20%. We still expect ID sales, excluding fuel, to be in the range of 3.6 to 3.8. We continue to believe that our free cash flow will be in the range of 400 to 600 million, and that excludes the free cash flow that may flow from Blackhawk, which you know is a very seasonal business, and while we no longer -- And finally we, we no longer provide quarterly guidance, but from time to time, comment a little bit on at least half years. We believe the consensus estimates in the back half are reasonable, but we also believe that, you know, they're a bit high in Quarter 3 and frankly they're a bit low in Quarter 4. So if someone wanted to be more accurate, they would move a bit from 3 and put it in 4. This earnings pattern is driven predominantly, you know, by the timing of property sales. Property sales for us are very important, have always been important. They are not highly predictable. We're not going to sell a property for less than it's intrinsic value, just to put it in one quarter or the other. So as you get closer to those prospects, you have a much better feel for where they will fall and so property sales that we anticipate, which always offset, you know, some of the losses and impairment charges we might incur, cause us to think that those movements will take place between quarters 3 and Quarter 4. And then just a comment on Blackhawk, Blackhawk continues to perform well. Card sales, you know, what we refer to as the face value of card sales at our investor conference, as well as net commissions, which are the commissions Blackhawk receives from those sales, you know, continue to increase relative to last year in excess of 100% and we continue to add both content, with that content being exclusive content to Blackhawk, and continue to add points of distribution, which should cause that business to continue to grow at a very attractive rate. So with that, Melissa, I'm prepared to open it up for questions. I think you can appreciate anytime anyone has ambitions to come into your market that you anticipate what they are going to do and you make adjustments in your marketing plan to accommodate that. There's a lot we know and there is a lot that we're guessing about. But, you know, my general attitude about Tesco, they are a highly respected retailer, but, you know, if I had, I don't know, I would have to have more than a nickel, but if I had a bunch of money every time we were going to be killed by Wal-Mart and Costco and Whole Foods, I would have a higher net worth. So we just view this as one more player, and the fact that we think our Lifestyle format in combination with, you know, what we're doing with the content of our stores, and what we always delivered on service, you know, I expect them to take somebody's business. We just don't expect it to be ours. Yeah, well, I didn't mean to imply that Blackhawk would do it. Although when you have a world class entrepreneur over there running Blackhawk, to the extent that we would create another growth engine, I think it's appropriate to think that you would involve a guy like Don Kingsboro, but it doesn't necessarily mean that it's Blackhawk, too. I do think that when you look at, when you look at the high cost of energy, which is, which is not, you know, going up by leaps and bounds, but is sort of staying at a sustained high level, I think that that clearly has benefited supermarkets, as people make an effort to consolidate trips, and, you know, I think we see -- I don't know if we've seen a shift from restaurants to grocery stores, but we've clearly seen a reduction in that trend. So I think grocery stores are benefiting at the expense of restaurants and are benefiting as a result of high energy costs. No, Blackhawk is a cash generator. Sure. Well, one of the things that we did was we, we basically took destiny into our own hands. We're a self-insured employer. So we took the non-union work force, which numbers about 30,000, so we designed a new healthcare plan for that group. And we did it so that we could essentially reduce the inflation going forward, which was around 10 or 12%. We surprised ourselves and had a 15% reduction on a per capita basis, while fundamentally improving the quality of care for the employees in that plan, which numbers over 20,000. In the second year, we added some additional benefits, believing that conventional wellness would lower our cost even further. And so we pay for 100% of some of the standard prevention and screening stuff. That kept our costs flat, while the rest of industry went up another 10% in 2007, and now as we have about 18 or more changes planned, for that planned for next year and believe that our costs on a per capita basis will decline another 10 to potentially 15%. Now, the next step is to actually apply that in all of our, in all of our union contracts. Now, it doesn't necessarily mean that you have to renegotiate those contracts. There's a lot that we can do inside the trust, where we sit as a member of that trust, and what we found in conversations with, with union leaders, that they very much want to see healthcare costs on a per capita basis decline, particularly if you can elevate the level of care that you give people, and we have proven that we can do that. It's caused me to kind of advocate national reform, because we actually believe that we can probably reduce our healthcare bill in total over the course of time here as much as 30%, maybe more. For us, that's $300 million. So it's no small piece of change. And so we, we're having a very good experience internally that now needs to get applied to our union contracts. That's not going to be new news to the unions that we negotiate with. We've had, we met several months ago with 28 union presidents to talk about how collectively we could make changes in the healthcare plans. I would say there's a very strong interest, and frankly, even, even in the Southern California agreement, you're going to see elements of behavior changes creating, you know, ultimately cost reductions. That's fair. You're talking about new stores? Sure. In terms of inflation on the quarter, the areas that, that we're, that had the most inflation, and again, it's a very, you know, we never give precise numbers on inflation because it's a very difficult thing to measure with mix changes and everything. But we -- the category probably with the strongest inflation was refrigerated dairy products followed by, followed by items in the meat and produce area, and so those are very high turn categories, and those categories don't have, either don't have much of an effect on the LIFO charges, or not in the LIFO layer, in the main, so what would typically happen, let's use milk as an example. There's been a lot of cost inflation in milk and when we get that cost inflation, you know, if it's a couple of pennies we just sit on it. If it becomes $0.30, you know, we, we move, but it's a very, it's a very competitive item and if, if we can't sustain that pass-through, you know, then we might, then we might change our attitude about that. So sometimes, you do what you have to do to recoup costs, and to remain competitive in those items. And so again, the kinds -- I think the produce inflation is a pure supply and demand issue. On the dairy side, you know, we're seeing, we're seeing some of the ethanol influence here. We're seeing an ethanol influence on poultry. We're seeing an ethanol influence on meat, and it's kind of an unfortunate thing because, I mean it's not the driving factor in all of our inflation, but it is a factor and most people that have looked at ethanol, it's not a very -- it's not the best thing to do from a pure energy standpoint. Let me just say that. But it's driving these numbers. Corn prices at one point had doubled. Now they have come back a little bit, but they are still up 50% from a year ago, and they're an important input into a lot of our products. So the inflation that we've experienced is predominantly, although not exclusively, it's predominantly in the commodity side, where there's probably, there's probably much better pass-through. On the other hand, sometimes it's not perfect. There's a little bit of a lag in there. There's more of a lag in meat than there would be in dairy, for example. So the fact that dairy was a leading category helps it. At the same time, if I look at our ability to pass along, the lag probably cost us about $0.02 a share in the quarter. But again, if that inflation were to moderate, that gives us an opportunity to catch that up, because invariably it does get passed through. What you get concerned about is that, you know, at some level it has a dampening effect on demand. It's still not self defeating, the pass-through cost increase, but it does have a dampening effect on demand and that is affecting, you know, our guidance really in the fourth quarter, because we don't know. Today's Wall Street Journal, you know, now the Fed's saying they are just a little worried about inflation. So we're just being a little bit cautious here. You know, we don't give details about, you know, how the sales are generated, but I would just give you kind of directional, that it's coming more from baskets than necessarily transactions. And again, I think that's attributable to the Lifestyle store being such a comfortable, comfortable shopping environment and if I look at the Lifestyle stores isolated, you have a very healthy mix of transactions and baskets, but when you work, when you look in the aggregate, you know, it's predominantly baskets. Which means people are buying more when they are coming in. You know, I think, I'm sure you can appreciate it. I didn't mention the Southern California settlement, just because it had been such big news. I'm sure it is on people's minds. I, I don't want to discuss any of the details in the main, the unions have not been discussing the details of that till we get it ratified, but, no, there's nothing in that agreement that is causing me to, you know, suggest putting a bit of this from 3 into 4. I mean I think that our view is that, you know, we expect to be a perpetual growth company. We think our market cap of, you know, just north of $15 billion gives us the opportunity to do that. That's a combination of being innovative in our supermarket business. It's creating growth engines like Blackhawk and we do think at some point it involves doing acquisitions, and, I wouldn't -- we would look predominantly, you know, in the supermarket channel because that's where our operating strength is, and that's where, we could Lifestyle stores and really boost their performance, but, you know, I wouldn't rule out that there could be something that's so related that you might feel comfortable doing it. But basically the, the kind of -- the most likely kind of acquisition for us to do down the road would probably be a supermarket acquisition. You know, I don't really have a number. I haven't quantified that, John, this quarter. We have worked, we have worked very hard this quarter and thankfully, the entire first half of the year, of improving our in-stock condition, which has meant more daytime stockers. We have had a pretty dramatic increase in our front end performance. The flow to that check stand. That's probably less about added labor than it is about how that labor gets managed on the front end. So I don't, I don't think, you know, there's -- some investment in labor in the quarter, but, you know, not, not worth really calling out. Yeah, I mean clearly, clearly in Lifestyle stores, which are much better merchandising vehicle, are, you know, have better meals performance than the conventional stores, and I do think that they, they benefit, they benefit more than the average store. That's why we're doing all the remodels. And I think the most remarkable thing about the Lifestyle store is that it continues to be a magnet for customers first, second, third, and now fourth year. I won't predict the fifth year because we need a little experience for that, but we think we've built a very good mousetrap here. Well, I think my thoughts are kind of like they are parallel to yours. I mean we're -- the brand has been out of this market for six or seven years, and we're not at all concerned about somebody bringing that brand back. You know, Brian came along at a very good time and helped us do some things, but the infrastructure is in place and again, his legacy is making centralization work and building the team that we have, many of whom were here. It's just like when I came in in 1992, you know, we had this fabulous turnaround in the Company. We had a 30-fold increase in the share price over an eight-year period. I brought five people with me. And what I did was I found, inside the organization, the talent to do that 30-fold increase in market cap. So I think it's just a replay of that, only it's inside the walls of marketing. Yes. The way I interpreted the question, the question was, you know, you just -- that maybe, you know, the consensus was, you know, high in 3 and low in 4, is that driven by the Southern California settlement, and my answer was no. So that, that was the question I was answering. And I think once the contract is ratified and I believe the voting is this weekend, you know, we'll be a lot more forthcoming about it. I think that, my basic view is that it's, you know, a thing that you've seen expressed by others. This is a good result. It's a good result for us. It's a good result for the employees, and it was, it was a long negotiation and in any good negotiation, you know, both parties have to feel like they did, they did well, and I think that, you know, we're comfortable that our competitive position will be, will be sustained and I think that, you know, you will -- you'll read more about the settlement, but I think it's a good result for everybody involved. That's correct. We don't use it as a basic metric that necessarily we track and we're not trying to kind of move that. Basically what we're trying to do is, is grow long-term earnings. The secret to that is growing ID sales and having good control of your cost structure, always making great returns on your investments. The fact that -- and that by it's very nature is going to drive, you know, sales per square foot. The fact that that is helped a little bit by the closure of some stores that might not be as productive, I think that's a minor piece of the equation. I think the dominant piece is what we're doing on the top line and as you make a store more comfortable and more attractive and you increase trips to that store, and you increase items per transaction, you start building your sales per square foot. So I would expect that our sales per square foot would just continue to grow. I think we're seeing that in the second quarter. No, there would have been some top line benefit in the quarter and there would have been, you know, some expense leverage. I was just really trying to put it in the context that, you know, while we're very confident we can pass these cost increases along, and protect our pennies and profit, there invariably is some kind of a lag. And I wanted, I wanted to quantify that for people, particularly sense, you know, some people are going to not want to give us credit for our reduction in tax rate. And the reality is there's a lot that goes on in an income statement and, you know, it's unfair to give credit for this and not credit for that. So I wanted people to just understand how that lag in inflation and why we're just being a little bit tentative on how inflation could impact us in the second half. I mean if we don't get -- if inflation moderates and we don't see inflation in the back half, that we'll get the catch-up and that will be favorable to gross margin and it will be, great for earnings, and we'll be happy campers. I think -- basically what we're contemplating in the back half, just being cautious, is a little bit more of what you saw in the first half. If in fact inflation moderates, and there is good reason to think produce inflation will, if inflation moderates, whatever we lagged on our pass-through, and let's take milk for example. The lag is no longer there. We've recouped it. So, so the question is are we going to experience more inflation there, are you going to experience another bit of a lag? If inflation moderates, we have an opportunity to do better than we're currently contemplating. No. I think we've commented directionally that, that the margin influence, you know, in the first three quarters of the year is, is relatively modest, you know. It -- just because the business is so seasonal. The fourth quarter, in the fourth quarter, we'll do more than 50% of the year. I think when we announce our fourth quarter, we'll, we'll probably give you some insight into that gross margin because in the fourth quarter this year, at the pace the business is growing, it's going to have a very measurable effect on gross margin and the only way for you to understand what's going on in the supermarket business is for us to kind of isolate the Blackhawk effect on gross margin, but in the fourth quarter it's going to be quite large. No, it comes in bits and pieces and it effects different areas differently. So I wouldn't -- I don't think it would -- it certainly wasn't smooth, nor would I say it was necessarily erratic. I mean it just -- it just happened.Right. I would say this, that the price action that we took in the second half of last year narrowed that relative position to the nonconventionals. And then we would basically agree with your comment about the last month. We do not really see any change. Yes. If you think about it, the commodity areas are the ones that you can have just enormous volatility. And couple the volatility with a little sensitivity on the part of retailers to not scare away volume, you end up, as you get cost increases, you end up being just a little bit gingerly on the retail side. But at the end of the day, you've got to recoup it. Well they -- they're going to improve pretty dramatically because the investments were made in the second half of last year. And then if you recall from the investor conference, we made some extraordinary progress on cost reduction last year, a good chunk of which was in the gross margin category. And we have -- if you look at our cost reduction effort this year which we teed up again at the investor conference, it was heavily focused on things that improve gross margin. So it was focused on costs of goods of the supply chain and elements like that. So again, gross margin comparisons should improve as you move through the year. The Q2 trends in the US are considerably stronger than that bookend description I gave you the first quarter. Well, the answer is yes, we are seeing signs of trading up. I think it's a bit of a slow process. It's driven by the fact that unemployment numbers haven't really improved materially in this country. But yes, we're seeing signs of trading up. I would tell you that I think that you're seeing a slow recovery and I think things don't really return to normal until probably 2011. Yes, I think it was third quarter when we started picking up the pace there, so you're correct. Yes, I think that the results we're seeing are reflected in both the numbers I described in the first quarter as well as in the second quarter. So there is a momentum that is building virtually across those markets. Again, the volume changes that occur geographically are as much a function of how much we had to alter price as they are how long price has been altered. So it's not sort of fair to simply time dimension this thing. In markets where the adjustment was greater, you had a much larger response on volume. But when you compare our volume performance, as I just did in Q2 with Q4, the fact that every single market is running higher volume is indicative of what is happening to price perception and consumer behavior. So price perception continues to improve. We survey that on a periodic basis and each survey shows that more and more consumers perceive us to be at price parity with conventional competition. I would tell you that our private label growth is strong, but not as strong as the first quarter of a year ago. And so that -- that slowed a little bit but still quite strong. On the generic side of the business, a lot of what you saw happening in 2009 and even early here in 2010 was blockbuster drugs going off patent protection. And so the generic effect, I don't think it was as strong. Robert just showed me a number. It's about as strong as it was in 2009. So that's still creating an effect. 2009 and the first quarter about equal, but I think we believe it will have less of an effect as we finish the year just because of the number of drugs that come off patent. Because what we do is as we plan for -- as we plan for each budget cycle, we have put a lot of effort into how and where can we control costs. And once you identify the cost reduction effort, you still have to execute on it. And oftentimes that requires a slight change in the information flow. It requires some training. It sometimes requires piloting it in a division or geography, tuning it up and then rolling it out more aggressively. And so it's just the way -- it's just the way it's always been. And then keep in mind that the back half of the year always has four more weeks as well. Yes, let me comment on that. As I indicated, our deflation in the first half was 1%, which was remarkable in that that's what we had predicted. I'm not sure I will ever be that accurate again on something like deflation. If so, the Bureau of Labor Statistics will probably want to employ me somehow. In the early part of the second quarter, we're seeing -- we've seen a bit stronger deflation. Now, we do believe, because of the comparisons with last year, that that begins to soften up as we move through the quarter. But at the investor conference, I had forecast that you would see about 0.5% positive inflation in the second quarter. I now don't believe you'll see something that strong. I think -- I think it will be either marginally negative or maybe close to zero, so I think I will miss that prediction in the second quarter. What is creating that is that we were pretty confident that we would see inflation in cost of goods and all you have to do is open the newspaper and read about that. It's happening across a lot of categories. But because I think we're still in a relatively slow economy, we have not been able to immediately pass on those cost increases in the form of higher retails. Again, I think that is a -- I think that's a temporary phenomenon. But if we were able to do that, I probably would be equally accurate in the second quarter or close to it on inflation. But then I don't think you can contain that for the second half. I think the second half will clearly have inflation in it. I think that in order to show positive leverage on the O&A, you have got to couple volume increases with price per item increases. And that's not likely to occur, to really get the positive leverage there probably before -- any time in the fourth quarter. I would put that late in the year. But I do think because we'll be lapping gross margin investments of a year ago, the overall operating margin improvement will come from the gross margin area more quickly than it will come from the O&A area. Here is what I would tell you. I didn't pay as much attention to inflation and deflation and volume in prior recessions. I've become a bit more of a student of the inflation and deflation here in the last 18 months. But here is what I would just tell you based on a feel for history versus current events. We had some extraordinary inflation that occurred in 2007 and 2008 which do not normally go along with a business downturn. And so now we're seeing I would say stronger inflation in these commodity areas than would be normally associated with a business downturn. Those things are driven by supply/demand factors. And I think one of the reasons why they get pronounced in a downturn and in a recovery, as people cut back on the production of commodities as business turned down, now these commodities are a bit more scarce, which has driven up their price. And so the supply chain can't react fast enough in some of these areas in order to moderate that cost inflation. And so I look at a category like meat and that's not an easy thing to sort of produce overnight. And so that kind of inflation should be with us for the balance of the year, and I don't think that people are going to eat that inflation for the year. Private label growth is stronger. What I would tell you, it's pretty much more of the same. I've commented in the past about Starbucks and I think you saw Starbucks' independent sales results. For us, that reflect a stronger mix of a higher ticket item in Starbucks as well as increased traffic to our in-store kiosk. Floral, I've commented in the past, a pure discretionary category but for a few holidays and showing very strong results. And then we see it in the wine category. There aren't many items in our store that we can classify as purely discretionary. And so it's not easy to point to items that show people trading up. Now the fact that the volume in private labels continues to outpace that of national brands suggests that people are still looking for value. Right now, I don't think the price of gas is a big issue. It's sort of like Roger Banister's four minute mile. If you're below $3, you're probably okay. When we got to $4 it was really crazy. So probably you don't get -- you don't get much of an issue until that gets over $3.40, $3.50 a gallon would be my judgment. I would say that what we're seeing in the center of the store is -- there is no big change. I think it's a -- it's a decent environment. We're not having people hold back on promotional money that -- it's a decent environment. Everybody is looking to grow sales. For some reason your transmission was sort of breaking up. So I didn't quite understand the question. Give me another shot at this. Yes, I think the -- we settled -- we settled Phoenix and we settled Denver. We have a couple of contracts in negotiation right now. I'll just talk about the large ones. We've got Alberta, which is around 10,000 employees and then we've got a piece of Seattle which is around 7,000 employees. The Alberta contract itself actually expired in March but that's not unusual. I think I once calculated the average settlement is close to one year after the expiration of the contract, and if anything, there has been a longer time after expiration in Canada than even in the US. And then in Seattle, that contract expires in May. And then we have -- those are the big contracts. And then usually we'll have a Teamster contract regarding a distribution center that is up for renewal in one market or another. I don't think the competitive environment has gotten worse. I think that you are in a slow economy where I think people are a little slow to make price movements that might further disturb volume. And so they make their price movements with much greater care. And they probably adjust everyday retails more quickly than they adjust promotional numbers. And so it's just -- it's just a way you come out of a recession. I don't think it is reflective of competition being any greater now than it was in the third and fourth quarters. I would also say I don't think it's any less. But I would say it's about the same. I think it's both. The answer is yes. Traffic -- traffic was down slightly. But the volume increases were coming from increasing transactions per household and then more importantly, more items per basket. So that's the source of the volume. Well, that's kind of what we're forecasting, that that will happen. But again it's a competitive environment and so we think that is the natural -- we do not think the marketplace is irrational. We think the marketplace is pretty rational. There was no Easter shift. This was a rare moment that Easter stayed in the same quarter two years in a row. Now it happened the last week of the quarter. The pre-Easter shopping was week 12. I think it's fair to say -- I think you've nailed it correctly. In other words, we were down 5 basis points on growth in the first quarter, but remember we had the excessive promotion from last year of [38] basis points (corrected by Company after the call). And so were it not for that, that number would have been 39, okay. And so we would expect that the gross margin in quarter two relative to last year would be down more than you saw in the first quarter because you're always comparing to last year. And that's consistent with the comments I made early on in this call of why we think the first half of the year has a different earnings pattern relative to 2009 than the second half, as the water glass is still maintaining that level and has to play itself through two quarters. Thank you, Melissa. Let me start with net income. Net income for the quarter was $96 million. This compares with $144.2 million made in the same quarter one year ago. Expressed in terms of earnings per share, we made $0.25 per share, versus $0.34 a share in 2009. I've been through I think about four recessions and so I do not think that the pattern we're experiencing is all that different from in the past. And so I believe that what we're seeing here on the cost and retail inflation is a short-term phenomenon. And one piece of evidence on that, it's not really true across all retailers. And so what has happened to us is that we have significantly improved our price position vis-a-vis secondary competitors. And I think that before too long we'll be able to reflect rising costs in retails. And I don't see it right now as a problem in hitting our earnings guidance for the year. No. What I said is if you look at for how this thing will most logically play out, it is more logical for people to reflect cost inflation first in their everyday retails than in their promotion, and then it comes secondarily in promotion, and it's because the promotional program is basically intended to attract customers. And if the last price of a ribeye was $4.99 and the cost has gone up, people are a little thoughtful because people have burned in that $4.99. So I'm not saying we've recovered the costs in our everyday retails, I'm saying as I look for this to work its way through, I think it works its way through there first. And then it works its way into promotion. No. I wouldn't say the center of the store is deflationary. I think the center of the store is probably pretty stable. I wouldn't describe it as deflationary. Well, it's my view that the market can't afford it. And that's why I don't think it spreads and that's why I think it gets better. In other words, what we have to do is we have to go to market every day with a competitive price position. And we didn't work so hard in the last couple of years to suddenly give that up. When we did that, we did it to be at parity with our primary conventional competition in each market, and the secondaries were left behind. So we've widened the gap with them. So they're certainly not going to be encouraged to not recover their cost increases. And I think, nor will anybody else. So again it's just -- call it 17 years worth of experience. It's just my experience is that cost increases always get reflected in retails. That is correct unless in my formal remarks I said US. I think relative to deflation I did not -- I did not make a comment in my formal remarks. I talked about volume. So it would be a combination of the two. But what you are experiencing is a very modest amount of inflation, almost nonexistent, in Canada, price per item. And so it's basically driven by the US. I'm referring to retail price. And again, we covered this in detail at the investor conference but just as a reminder, we're using price per item changes relative to the previous year. And so imbedded in that price per item is a combination of mix change, favoring private label, some element of generic drugs favoring over branded drugs, some real price deflation coupled with the investments we made. So we could be experiencing a different level of price per item deflation than some of our competition if they didn't lower their prices or didn't have a need to lower. Price is something that you -- price changes for us across thousands of items on a weekly basis. And so you're always trying to attract business and you're always trying to build basket and you're always trying to make money. And so, you know, it varies a lot by item. But your ultimate goal is to build volume, to build sales and to make money. And so you make price changes sometimes to recoup costs. You make price changes sometimes to build a business. And sometimes you make price changes and you roll them back. Sometimes you make price changes and then you make changes again. And you roll them forward. So it's really -- we have an objective. So we pursue the objective and we're very thoughtful about how we do that and it's a competitive world. Here is what I'm [trying to do]. Yes, I think I said earlier that deflation measured as price per item is actually greater in the first four weeks of the second quarter than it was in the first quarter. So while volume -- while volume is better, deflation is a little greater. But again we think that is -- we think that is a short lived phenomenon and we think it gets better as we move through the quarter. We should end -- we should end the second quarter with less deflation than we experienced in the first quarter. And then with volumes improving, that should yield a better ID sales number. It depends on the area. If I were to -- if you take a look at something like milk and eggs, we're not maintaining the gross profit dollars. And so there is a hit in that category. And we've experienced some rather significant increases in the cost of those items. That's also true in the meat category. But there has not been an immediate change in retail. So there has been some sacrifice clearly in the first quarter and there has been a bit more of that in the early part of the second quarter. But again, I think that will improve as we move through time, because I also made comments at the investor conference, we continue to see a lot of weaknesses in the market on the part of many of our competitors. So we've done a terrific job managing our costs. We've done an extraordinary job producing free cash flow. We invested way ahead of the curve, which allows us to continue to run very strong free cash flow. And the vast majority of the people we compete with in our segment haven't done any of that. And so when you go into their stores, you can actually see the effects this is having on them. So I think from a competitive standpoint, I think it won't be long before retails reflect cost of goods increases. Now you are saying a change from -- you're asking for the change relative to what appears to be the marketing plan? Yes. What I said was that transactions per household are up. And items per basket, think about items per transaction are up. And when you look behind those numbers, we sort of -- we often categorize our customers as being anywhere from, I'll call it occasional, to quite loyal. And so when you look at the data, again I would attribute this to our price position, our change in price position, that you're getting a much greater response from the occasional as you move your way up. In other words, for someone who didn't shop with us that often, when they come in and see the prices, they are building their basket. And they are now coming in more often. And that is most pronounced with the lightest shopper, but basically we've improved across every category of shopper. But it's most pronounced, the lighter the shopper you were, because we were an occasional choice for you and now we're a much more reliable choice for the consumer. I think the labor buyout information is new news, okay. It doesn't affect our overall guidance. So you should take that $0.02 off merely because of the new news I gave you and then make these kinds of adjustments I just described. You're correct that there was a long-term trend away from food retail and restaurants, and that trend was broken a couple of years ago. Our particular home meal replacement program is going very strong. It has growth rates in excess of 20%. The shrink problem we solved as we reformulated and repackaged the product and so I do not really expect any change in trend there. I expect that we will continue to be able to grow that business. You're looking for traffic? I don't think so. I don't think there was any magic to that. I think that -- I think that our overall price program of getting competitive on everyday values and still being a bit more promotional than most of our competition, I think is what is driving our results. I don't want to comment on that. But I think if you think back about the investor conference and the earnings effect, everybody used to focus on the sales effect of deflation, the earnings effect is quite pronounced. And if you went back and looked at my forecast of deflation and inflation, and I didn't commit all of the numbers to memory, the second quarter, though, was positive 0.5%. Bring that number down to no higher than zero, and it could be a little lower than that. And then bring up the inflation expectations for quarters three and four, and end at the same point that I did in the investor conference and that will probably give you a good mechanism for adjusting your quarterly estimate."
