"I would just say, John, I would not look at it so much on a quarterly basis. It's a timing issue on a lot of issues that relate to permitting and municipality. The long-range plan, as we have said before, is at least 15,000 stores outside of North America. And we have never been more enthused or confident about the way in which we have been received and the ongoing profitability of the international business. So I would be more mindful of it long term than quarter to quarter. Let's begin with, I think we believe that given the unique relationship we have built with our customers around music that we had built a level of trust that gave us the license to extend music to other forms of entertainment. So over the past 12 months and maybe slightly longer, we have had ongoing conversations with multiple movie studios about trying to find a movie that would fit with the aspirational story and the uplifting -- and a story that we felt needed to be told and a story that we thought we could get behind in a very natural, seamless way. This particular movie was pretty much done when we saw it. We had screened many movies. We had read many scripts. This particular movie was almost completed. Lions Gate, to their credit, although they are a public company, is more of an independent movie company than, say, Warner Bros. They had great success this past year with Crash. They understood the challenge of the movie industry in terms of box office problems, high marketing costs, and saw right away that if Starbucks got involved in the movie that we could advance the rate at which people would go see it and potentially lower their marketing costs. What we wanted for that was something that mirrored what we did with Ray Charles, which was the template of our music initiative. We wanted equity in the movie without investing any dollars in the movie itself. We agreed that we would create a marketing campaign in-store that was significantly less in dollars than we were going to get paid. We wanted to be able to participate not only in the front end, but in the back end of box office receipts and all ancillary products if in fact the movie's success is what we believe it to be. And this is a very important first step because it sets the stage and the template by which other movie deals, assuming this will be successful, will be judged. Since that time, we have had many movie studios contact us wanting to be the next one. We are going to wait and see how we do with this, and if in fact all the things that we hope to happen occurs. With regard to music, this should not in any way be a signal that we're done with music. Quite the contrary. Our music business continues to be strong and healthy. We have a new album coming out relatively soon with Sergio Mendes. We've got Tony Bennett coming out. We just had great success with Dean Martin, believe it or not, during Valentine's Day, and we are full throttle on our ability to create a profitable stream of revenue for the Company and a new channel of distribution. What is interesting about what we have done this year is we also debuted -- we were a marketmaker in discovering a group called Antigone Rising. They had never had a record deal. They sold over 100,000 units at Starbucks and were just picked to be the opening act of the balance of the Rolling Stones. That was attributable directly to the validation of Starbucks' involvement. So we are a market maker. We recognize the power of that and also the responsibility. We are going to continue to look for ways in entertainment that are profitable, that are unique and add texture to the brand. Thank you, Jim. Nice job, by the way. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm going to focus my comments on a very exciting and evolving segment of our business -- entertainment. Before I talk about where we are today, I would like to take a step back and revisit the road Starbucks has taken in our evolving music and entertainment strategy. As many of you know, music has always been an essential part of the coffeehouse culture. For Starbucks, our musical journey began in 1995, when we first introduced CD sales into our stores as a result of a very popular in-house music program created by one of our store partners. I think that is an important question. First off, we always said that as a percentage of total coffee consumed in North America, we probably have less than 10% of the total coffee market. And in view of that, we have always had a very strong competitive list of people that were trying to capture the morning segment away from Starbucks. We view the recent activity by the companies you have mentioned as a positive influence on the category. The more education, the more advertising that people place on the category on a macro level will have a greater effect, I think, on our ability to demonstrate the differentiation between not only Starbucks coffee, but most importantly, the experience that we create day in and day out. And as we've said in the past, although Dunkin' Donuts has done a wonderful job in the New England area, we have held our own against them consistently, despite the amount of money that they continue to spend in that market. And on some levels, we have seen the business spike up when they have placed a disproportionate amount of money in advertising. So, we are mindful of the competitors, but we think when all is said and done, it is a positive effect on the category and we will benefit from it. John, that's a lot of questions. Without any material weakness in terms of speed of service or the qualitative aspect of the customer experience. I just wanted to add one other thing. I think underlying the success of the holiday Christmas retail season and what you just noted in the specialty business is something that kind of goes unsaid, but I think it is worth repeating, and that is the equity of the Starbucks brand, the power of the Starbucks brand in the marketplace, coupled with the relevancy of the third place, the sense of community and how people are using our stores -- the attachment that people have to the Starbucks experience travels well beyond their experience in the stores. And I think we are seeing the connectivity of the Starbucks brand in other channels of distribution and how people are trusting the experience beyond our stores. And I think it is very different than traditional consumer brands that have been built through advertising and promotion, where Starbucks has built a brand in a very enduring way, almost quintessentially by the experience. And that is -- and we are seeing the ongoing relationship of the brand in other products and other channels that are paralleling the success of our retail business. That is lunch and warming. Each. I would only say that the ongoing success we've had with music and the initiative of the movie, all of the decisions that we're making on the content side is made with the lens of making sure that the music and the movie is accretive to the experience our customers have come to expect from Starbucks. We don't want to do anything that will dilute the trust that our customers have in the Company. And I think the first wave of all of that sits with our partners. We want our partners to be proud of the music that we're choosing and the movie that we are going to share with the American audience. I think it is linked to making sure that everything we do matters and it supports the foundation of the Company. And that is we are not an entertainment company. We are not a music company. We are a coffee company. We are creating opportunities that will complement the coffee experience.Thank you, very much. Good morning. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Starbucks' Annual Meeting of our shareholders. And today, obviously, is a great celebration of the value we have created over the last couple of years as well as the values of our company. And with that, I would like to introduce and recognize all of the Starbucks partners who are here today. Please stand and be recognized. Thank you. They are the ones who have created the shareholder value. 20 years ago, a small regional coffee company with approximately 150 stores, about 3,000 people working for the Company, went public. The Company provided comprehensive health insurance and equity in the form of stock options for all of its employees. We had less than $100 million in revenue and just a couple of quarters of profitability. And on the first day of trading, we literally thought we had hit the American Dream and hit a home run, the market capital Starbucks was $250 million. And I know some of you are here today who are original shareholders, and I hope that you are smart enough to not sell your stock. 20 years later, over 17,000 stores in 58 countries serving over 60 million customers a week, employing over 200,000 people wearing the green apron, and yes, still, maintaining healthcare and ownership for all of our people. The revenue of Starbucks is just about $12 billion in sales with net profit over $1 billion. And 20 years later, the market capital of Starbucks as of about five minutes ago was at the all time high, growing from $250 million 20 years ago to $40.4 billion in market capitalization. Now throughout that growth and development and the challenges and the obstacles that we had, and the transformation that we have been through in the last couple of years, which has not been easy, the values that define the Company, that literally created the value -- the culture, the values, the guiding principles and in many ways, our conscience was tested like no other year before it over the last 12 months. The video that you just saw is not a Hollywood movie, the people that you just saw that are experiencing a tragic experience, losing homes, being unemployed, living in cars, at its worst, it is a fracturing of humanity, at its best, it is now the world we live in. In the context of what we want to talk about today is not only the financial performance of Starbucks, but how we got here. In this particular year, in which we have record revenue, record profit, record stock price, there was an underlying conscience of how we did our work. When I, like many of you, watched what took place last summer in Washington, DC, when the leaders of our country through the lens of ideology, partisanship, and their own aspect of whether or not they would make a decision based on reelection, try to manage and solve the debt ceiling. And we all saw it turn into a debacle and a fracturing of confidence in leadership. And for the first time in the history of our country, we watched the S&P downgrade America's debt not primarily because of America's balance sheet, but moreover, in my view, because of their lack of confidence in their leadership ability to solve significant problems. So the Company and I took on the unorthodox and somewhat unprecedented role of a public company and a public CEO speaking out. With respect and civility, citizenship over partisanship, we ask like-minded CEOs, Republicans and Democrats to join us in sending a signal to Washington that we would suspend financial contributions to incumbents, for one reason -- $6 billion is going to be spent between now and next November on the presidential election cycle. There is something wrong, we all know it. After we did that, something started to happen which we didn't plan on and certainly I was surprised by. I started receiving emails and letters, first in the hundreds and then in the thousands. Mostly from people I had never met from places in America I had never been. And the theme of every single letter was almost identical, the fracturing of the American Dream, losing hope as a result of their own plight in terms of hopelessness. And the question for us as a public company, that for 40 years has tried to balance profitability with a social conscience, was what is our role and responsibility given the fact that Washington, in our view, was letting us down. Recognizing that our primary responsibility is to our shareholders, our customers and our people, we decided to take a bold and courageous step in asking the question, and then answering it in the affirmative, how can we use our scale for good? And as a result of that, following on the suspension of financial contributions to incumbents, we decided to launch our Jobs Initiative Program. Why? At the time, unemployment was 9.1%, 14 million Americans were out of work, a large majority of Hispanics and African-Americans, and no hope in sight. And then we started doing some homework and saw something else that was quite disturbing. All the banks that got all that TARP money, were not lending to small businesses. 65% of jobs in America are created by small businesses, and they didn't have access to credit anymore because the banks were not lending. So, the Jobs Initiative Program, given the fact that Starbucks has stores in almost every community in America serving 60 million customers a week, we said let us use our scale for good. And let us see if the Jobs Initiative with funding from the Starbucks Foundation and asking our customers to donate $5 and put this wristband on, we could raise money, establish a national network of loan organizations that would provide loans at a low interest for small businesses, startup businesses, and non-profits. And in the months that followed, almost 600,000 Americans are wearing this wristband, we have raised millions of dollars, we have given low interest loans to businesses all over the country, and we have created significant new jobs as a result. But we didn't do it for the marketing, we didn't do it for any PR. We didn't do it to ring the register. We did it because we feel very strongly today that whether you are a private citizen, a business leader, a public company, the country is facing a significant crucible, a test, and that test is becoming even more significant when you examine one other dire fact that has not gotten too much airtime yet but it will, and let me share it with you. The federal government is $16 trillion of debt, and there is a bigger problem at the state and municipality level. 42 out of 50 states in America are in a budget deficit. 11 states in America are facing insolvency and may not be able to make pension payments for the balance of the year. We are going to witness cuts in social services that the country has not seen since the Great Depression, and the gap between the haves and the have-nots is going to get wider and wider. And that is why the conscience, the values and the guiding principles of Starbucks Coffee Company this year was tested like no other time. If our values are based on how we present ourselves to our customers, those values cannot be ignored and we cannot be a bystander when we know for a fact that business and financial success is best when it is shared. And I would submit to you as we assemble here today and Starbucks is firing on all cylinders and you are going to hear about that, that the most significant component of the success of the Company has been the fact that our customers, our people, and hopefully our shareholders understand that we are a different kind of company. And let me be the first to say we are not perfect. In fact, we make lots of mistakes, we will probably make some today. But the lens in which we have built this company over 40 years has been a lens of executing through the lens of humanity. Now I mentioned that we are heading into a crucible, we are in a midst of something that really is going to test the conscience of the country. It's a test that we will not pass by being bystanders. It's a test in which we must use every resource and every talent to help those people who are being left behind. And perhaps because I was imprinted as a young child growing up in public housing, and I had access to the American Dream, I'm ultra-sensitive to the fact that I believe that the American Dream is on a very, very fragile foundation. And we as Americans deserve better, and I believe we are better than this. And companies -- yes, companies, must recognize that long term profit is not an enduring component of the strategy of a company if you are not giving back to the communities you serve. Now, I mentioned that we are in almost every community in America. And as we traveled around this year, we saw significant challenges and issues facing certain communities. So we developed a new program, and we launched it in South Central LA with the LA Urban League and in Harlem, with the Abyssinian Development Corporation. And what we are doing is we are giving the profits of those stores away back to the community. We own and operate the stores but we want the profits of those stores to go back to the community, and we want the local organizations who live in the community and know the people to use that money because they know what is needed and they know what is best. And we are partnering with like-minded companies, non-profits and people who have and share out values. As we were entering into this partnership with the Abyssinian Development Corporation, we went to Harlem. I had not been there in quite some time. I took a walking tour of Harlem with members of the Starbucks team, my wife Sheri, and we saw some things that really bother us and then we saw hope. The thing that bothers us the most was so many people in a situation where you just wonder whether or not those people are really going to be able to make it. And then we saw brightness and light. And that was everything that the Abyssinian Development Corporation had touched. And then we decided to go to church -- yes. We went to church on Sunday morning. I didn't tell my mother, but at the end of the day, she would have been very proud. This church is like nothing you have ever seen in your life. The Abyssinian Church has been in Harlem for 204 years. The congregation is so big there are two sessions, one at nine and one at 11. And you got to get there early to get a seat. Well, thanks for hanging in all this time and we haven't gotten to the formal meeting yet but it is coming. We have a long standing tradition at Starbucks to provide entertainment for you, entertainment that we think is highly relevant, unique and special and we have a -- and this here is not different, we have a very special guest. Last year, she was nominated and won the Grammy for the best new artist. And if you watched the Academy Awards, a few weeks ago, she was the only vocal performer on the Academy Awards. Her new CD is in every Starbucks store. I believe as you exit, you are going to get one as well. And she was on David Letterman just two nights ago. I don't know how many people stayed up that late. I didn't. But I did TiVo it, so I can see her exactly before she performed today. She is an extraordinary young artist who hails from Portland, Oregon and her name is Esperanza Spalding. Just bear with us while we set up and she will be right out and it is a real, real treat, you are going to really enjoy her. (Break) Thank you, Paula. Thank you. So, Paula, I and Troy and other members of the senior team who are in the audience will be happy to answer any questions that you may have. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, very much. Thank you Shirley, thank you very much. I appreciate that. Hi, Shirley. Thank you for the question, I do remember responding to you and interestingly enough as we got into that subject, it saddened us to find out that most of the manufacturers of porcelain or stoneware in America had just been closed down over the years, not because of China or Korea but people that made decisions that that was the best place to make the goods. Okay, I'm sure someone at Starbucks will write that down and get back to her, thank you. Thank you very much, thank you thank you, thank you. You must have information about our company that we are working diligently on the entire area of organic, it is not an easy category to navigate through but stay tuned, I thank you all very much for first, coming to the meeting, I hope that you really understood and listened to our message, I would for 40 years has been about balancing, share other value with the social conscience. Thank you for your support, and I look forward to seeing you again next year. We're working very hard on your behalf. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. We tried to bring Juliette here, but it just did not work out. She had to go to school. This is a bitter-sweet moment now, for the Company and for me personally, in that one of our most beloved leaders, Paula Boggs, has decided to retire. And I think she is going to join me in one second. Paula, come on out here. We didn't rehearse this because it is an emotional moment, and I don't want to embarrass Paula in any way. I do want to recognize her partner, Randy, and her parents are here from San Antonio. And I know that Paula's father's birthday -- his 80th birthday -- was yesterday. I don't know where they are sitting, but if they could stand, please? Thank you for coming all this way. Now Paula has been an extraordinary leader for the Company. She has helped build one of the strongest legal departments of any Fortune 100 company in America. And as I said, she has been with the Company now for 11 years. She has decided to go work for the Obama campaign to help his reelection. Are you, okay? Thank you, thank you. Well thank you for having the courage to come to the microphone and tell your story, there's a lot of Starbucks people who will take your information and we will respond to you, thank you. Once again I do not want to answer the question in any way that would be viewed disrespectful to your point of view. I think what we've tried to do in responding to the issue is look at the history of the company, what we stand for and what we believe in. And the Company is not a political organization, but clearly Starbucks has become part of a culture in a number of cities and now countries. We have a wonderful gift for you. Now, Paula is a wonderful artist, a singer, a guitar player, and this is just a -- I think emblematic of the Northwest Glass Artist, I hope you have a wonderful place either in Seattle or New Mexico for it. Thank you, very much. Okay, what was her name? Okay, well thank you for the question. I think any decision of this type or magnitude has to be made with great thoughtfulness and I would assure you that the senior team of Starbucks have discussed this and it was, to be candid with you, not something that was a difficult decision for us and we did share this with some members of the Board as well --- but want to -- I don't want to answer the question in any way that would be disrespectful to you or other people who might see it differently. That ends the meeting. It's not going to get any better than that. Isn't he something? Are you ready to convert? We are going to try now to pivot back to Starbucks and celebrate the Company. 30 years ago, there were probably 50 million manufacturing jobs in America, about 20 years ago, there was 30 million manufacturing jobs in America, and now there is less than 9 million. We have had great success with Starbucks VIA, and so we need to build a new plant. The economics of the facility, to be candid, would be better if we built the plant outside of North America. That is not what we are going to do. So I'm going to announce -- thank you. We are going to build a new soluble roasting facility in Augusta, Georgia that will create between 150 and 200 new jobs. And we announced that this morning about a half hour ago. And we are pretty excited about that. About 15 months ago we introduced the issue of the blueprint of profitable growth for the Company which at the time was more theoretical than anything else. It is no longer a theory. We are now creating lots of different opportunities for Starbucks products to live outside of our stores in multiple channels of distribution. You are going to hear multiple leaders talk about their respective business and the ability we have to grow the Company both inside and outside our stores. Please welcome Jeff Hansberry, the President of Starbucks Channel Development. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Yes, sir? Hold on. You are getting a standing ovation, you should see that. Yes sir, you're the last question. You don't have to but I -- when you can, maybe after the meeting.John, let me answer that, the second part of that question, and I want to answer it in a way that no one on the phone overreacts to the response. Clearly the history of the Company has been to primarily grow organically, and that has been quite successful for the Company, and we feel we have uncovered significant runways for organic growth, both in our core business and the adjacencies around the innovation that we have created. But I do feel that the future of the Company over time will not be isolated only to organic growth. And as I said, I don't want anyone to immediately react or respond to that. But clearly, we are in a unique position and over time if opportunities prevail themselves, we would take advantage. Troy, do you want to start? John, this is Howard. I certainly appreciate and respect the question, but I hope you will realize that the situation with Kraft and the statement I made is all that we can talk about today. And at the appropriate time we will be as transparent as possible, but at this time we just can't go any further. I'm sorry. I think, considering your question, I think it's hard to answer that without putting consumer confidence and unemployment in the mix. And so, we want to be very thoughtful and disciplined about how we are looking at the year. I think the pipeline of innovation and the excitement we have about holiday and the year, but coupled with the environment, we are comfortable with mid-single-digit comps as a way in which you could look at the year. No, we launched the digital network in October. You should be able to go into over 7000 Starbucks stores and enjoy it. I think it's an important question because of our enthusiasm about CPG and leveraging the retail footprint and brand to benefit that channel. Let's start with Troy and then we'll introduce Jeff Hansberry, who runs our CPG business. Thank you, JoAnn, and welcome to everyone on the call. I am delighted to report the record fourth quarter and fiscal 2010 results we announced today. Before taking you through the highlights of the quarter and the year, I want to pause to thank our Starbucks partners around the world that have enabled us to deliver these great results to our shareholders. You did it by delivering a great experience to our customers one cup at a time, every day of the week. The success we describe today belongs to you. Cliff, do you want to hit the pricing question? Thank you all very much. As JoAnn said at the top of the call, we look forward to seeing you at the analyst investor conference on December 1, and we'll provide a lot of depth and texture to many of the topics and themes that we talked about today. Thank you very much. This is Howard; let me start. I think between myself, Troy, and John Culver, we'll all try and take a piece of that question. Thank you, Jeff. Joanne? Troy, do you want to just bring some color about the economics of both the class of stores we've opened this year, and the remodels?I would just add one thing and that is that, in a sense, what we're establishing is a Starbucks currency and that currency can be interchanged between Starbucks and Teavana stores and the currency of these stars can now be leveraged across consumer products that are unparalleled because there's no other consumer product that has a retail store that can provide our customers with a reward and an incentive to come back and forth. This is just the beginning of us being able to thread these multiple channels of distributions and brands so that the customer has significant value in supporting and shopping at Starbucks, Teavana, and Starbucks consumer products. Hello. Go ahead, Jeff. Troy, let me add one more thing. It seems like we can't get through a conference call without somehow this tension between us and you, with regarding to comp growth guidance, so let's just try and establish common language so there's an understanding about what it is we're trying to do and what it is we're trying to guide. Last quarter, we had a 9% comp in the US business and I said then, as I think we're trying to say now, is that we had an 8% comp this quarter and it would be just irresponsible of any of us at Starbucks to project to you or guide you to that level. Now do we have aspirations to try and do it again as we did this year? Absolutely. Do we think we can? Many of us think we can but we're not going to sit here and put a number out there that is such a stretch target and have you put it in your model and then we come up with a 6% or 7%, which against our peer group is stunning and incredible and then you write reports that says we've disappointed. That's not going to happen. So the guidance we're giving is the most responsible guidance we could possibly provide you, especially when you consider the maturation of our store base and the number of stores. Now one other thing. What La Boulange is providing us, well beyond the morning pastries and the lunch, is a significant platform to go after need states and day parts well into the future. And what we've learned over the years is that our stores now provide a third place well beyond the morning day part, which was our core business just 5, 6 years ago. The opportunity to expand Starbucks significantly in the future with the innovations that we've talked about in our prepared remarks and the food is well beyond where we are today. But we've always tried not to provide aspirations and guidance that was so far afield from reality and provide you with an opportunity with real numbers. And not to allow any of us to get so far ahead of ourselves, especially when we have a situation in the US where there's quite a bit of uncertainty in terms of consumer confidence, external behavior, that relates to the government shutdown and what could happen in February, with where we're once again we're looking at a possible default. So this is the most responsible thing we can do on the heels of a record year in our 42-year history, a record quarter, and a comp number that no other Company in our peer group or no other Company that any of you analyze has put up against us. This is a remarkable opportunity for us to have a year-end result, and once again, try and provide a comp number that we think is responsible and I think the most judicious thing we can possibly do. I'll take the latter question. Unlike others who have talked about speed of service or throughput issues, that is not a problem that we have or anticipate so you can take that off the table. And in fact, what we've been able to do with mobile payment and the card has absolutely cracked the code in terms of convenience and speed of service and we're only going to get better at that because we will be introducing new levels of technology in calendar 2014. We have no speed of service or throughput issue inside Starbucks. Take that off the table. John? Thank you, JoAnn, and welcome to everyone on today's call. I am very pleased to discuss the record Q4 and fiscal 2013 results that Starbucks reported today. Q4 capped off what was, without question, the best year in Starbucks 42-year history, driven by robust innovation and disciplined operating and financial performance across each of our business segments and virtually around the world. Continued strong comparable store sales growth of 8% in each of our Americas and China Asia/Pacific regions in Q4 combined with positive comps of 2% in EMEA to produce global comp store sales of 7%, marking our 15th consecutive quarter of comp growth in excess of 5%, despite continued challenging economic and consumer headwinds in many of the global markets we serve. Starbucks' consolidated Q4 revenue rose 13% to a record $3.8 billion, while operating leverage and a continued focus on controlling expenses enabled us to expand our operating margin to a full 220 basis points over last year, to a quarterly record of 17.6%. And outstanding execution across the Company enabled us to deliver record Q4 EPS of $0.63 a share to our shareholders, a full 37% over last year's Q4 and the highest EPS of any single quarter in the 42-year history of our Company. For the full fiscal 2013, Starbucks increased revenues by 12% to a record $14.9 billion, expanded its operating margin 150 basis points to a record 16.5%, and drove a 26% increase in EPS to a record $2.26 per share. Noteworthy and immensely gratifying is that each one of our business segments contributed to our remarkable performance in fiscal 2013. Equally significant is that each segment contributed to growing the equity and trust of the Starbucks brand around the world. With over 3 billion customer visits to our more than 19,000 stores in 62 countries around the world in fiscal 2013, Starbucks is literally firing on all cylinders like never before. But let me tell you we're just getting started. I believe that fiscal 2013 will prove to be an inflection point and a springboard to even greater opportunity and success in the future because of the strategic flywheel we introduced to you in July, through which we leverage our global store footprint, growing CPG presence in world-class digital and mobile assets, is driving performance and gaining increased momentum. I'll provide a brief overview of segment performance in Q4 and then turn the call over to John Culver, Group President of Starbucks Coffee China Asia/Pacific and Channel Development and Emerging Brands to provide detail on those key businesses. Then Troy will take you through the financials in detail and provide you with an update on our Fiscal 2014 outlook. But let me pause and congratulate Troy, as I look to him, on his promotion to Group President, Global Business Services, in addition to his ongoing role and responsibility as CFO. Thank you, Troy, for your leadership, our 20-year partnership, and for the tremendous contributions you have made to the Business as CFO over the last 5 years. Now turning to the Americas. The momentum we reported in Starbucks Americas segment in Q3 continued in Q4, with a stunning 8% comp growth driven by a 5% increase in traffic and a 3% lift in ticket. Noteworthy is that the 8% comp growth we recorded in the US in Q4, an amazing accomplishment given the size and maturity of the store base we are comping against, representing our 15th consecutive quarter of US comp growth in excess of 7%, and that many of our over 2,000 new renovated or relocated US stores were the strongest performers. Strong performance in both our US and rapidly growing Latin American businesses contributed to 11% increase in total Q4 Americas revenue to a record $2.8 billion. Having just returned from a market visit to Canada, a great Starbucks market with over 1,300 stores, where I witnessed firsthand the deep passionate sense of mission that our partners are bringing to their customers and the communities they serve, and the strong leadership provided by Annie Young-Scrivner, President of Starbucks Canada, is bringing to the market. In Q4, we recorded the strongest comp growth in Canada in 13 quarters, helping us exceed $1 billion of full-year revenues in that market for the first time ever. Building on the strong summer sales in September, the Americas region kicked off for its fall promotional calendar, with what has become our most popular seasonal beverage ever, pumpkin spice latte. 2013 marks the 10th anniversary of PSL, with customers having purchased more than 200 million PSL beverages since launch. Despite the proliferation of knock-offs and copycats, sales of Starbucks PSL beverages are as strong as ever and once again exceeding expectations as customers continue to embrace the quality of the original Starbucks PSL. Also in September, we debuted a new single-origin coffee from Ethiopia, the birthplace of coffee. And in recognition of our 42-year history of purchasing Colombian coffee and our plans to open our first store in Colombia next year, we introduced Colombia Caldas, a wonderful Starbucks Reserve. Recently we launched a national marketing campaign around coffee, entitled Starbucks higher arabica standards, that will benefit both our retail and CPG businesses. These initiatives underscore Starbucks' ongoing commitment to bring in the world's most rare and exotic coffees for our customers and to constantly reaffirming our coffee leadership and authority worldwide. In Q4, we also made solid progress against our plans to expand our La Boulange baked goods platform. La Boulange products are now available in more than 3,500 Starbucks stores in the US, and we are now on track to offer La Boulange it in all 7,000 Company-operated stores in the US by the end of fiscal 2014. Food continues to be an important component of our growth strategy and we are extremely encouraged by both customer response to La Boulange and the sales lift we are seeing over the food products La Boulange replaced. Building on this success, we have begun testing new La Boulange lunch concepts in a number of our San Francisco stores and targeting an initial rollout next fall as part of our plan to elevate and expand our lunchtime day part. In the year since we acquired La Boulange, we have demonstrated the significant strategic benefits of the acquisition through the enhanced quality of our food platform and the corresponding sales incrementality it is driving. You have also undoubtedly heard that we are exploring another exciting innovative concept -- Starbucks handcrafted carbonated beverages in Atlanta and Austin, as well as in Japan and Singapore. These efforts are part of a larger plan to enter and innovate in the cold carbonation industry, an over $100 billion global category, by leveraging our unique, customized beverage retail platform expertise to deliver innovation and personalization to customers like no other industry participant ever has. Customer response to our carbonation innovation has been encouraging and we look forward to sharing more details around our plans for cold carbonation in the months ahead. Stay tuned. Beginning this Friday, we will begin rolling out Starbucks holiday beverages in our iconic red cups. A new gingerbread latte recipe and the savory La Boulange almond croissant will join a wide variety of other innovative and delicious offerings that promise to make this holiday and winter season our most exciting and successful yet. Turning to the EMEA region, I'm very pleased to report that the early progress we began to see in our Europe, Middle East and Africa region in Q3 continued in Q4, with positive 2% comp growth to the second consecutive quarter. As I have previously shared with you, the leverage and learning from our US transformation, combined with strong leadership in the region, are driving beverage and food innovation in efforts to elevate and enhance the customer experience across the region as we open our 2,000th EMEA store this quarter. We are particularly encouraged by the solid performance we saw in the UK, our single largest market in the region, supporting our view that an early turnaround in EMEA may be underway and that we are moving down the correct path towards sustained profitability. We also opened 34 new licensed and franchised stores in Q4, early progress against our plans to add more licensed and franchised store in our EMEA portfolio. Let me now turn to Channel Development and emerging brands. John will be providing an update on our fast-growing Channel Development and emerging brands business, but a few noteworthy highlights I'd like to share with you. We have already exceeded the aggressive growth plans we laid out for Evolution Fresh upon acquiring the business and brand in November 2011. A wide selection of fresh, healthy Evolution Fresh juices are now available in more than 8,000 Starbucks and grocery retailer cold cases and almost all Whole Foods locations nationwide. Earlier this month, we reached a significant milestone with the opening of our new state-of-the-art juicery in California. The new juicery will employ 190 Starbucks partners and quadruple our capacity to produce Evolution Fresh brand cold pressed juices, enable us to accelerate our plan to significantly increase our share of the $1.6 billion super-premium juice category. As I said in the past, the category of tea, a $90 billion global industry that is ripe for innovation, is another major strategic opportunity for us that leverages all of our core capabilities and existing infrastructure. We are making significant progress against our plans to integrate, develop, and expand the Teavana retail platform. Last week, we were in New York City for the grand opening of a reimagined Teavana fine tea and tea bar store on the Upper East Side, to be followed by a second store in Seattle's University Village shortly. The store in New York is stunning, but beyond the aesthetics, the reimagined Teavana store brings the romance and theatre of handcrafted beverages to the tea category like never before. We are convinced that with Teavana, Starbucks can reinvent and do for tea just what we have done for coffee and that we can grow and expand the tea industry and the tea bar concept by introducing a wide, innovative array of handcrafted tea beverages, tea-inspired food, and world-class tea merchandise. And with tea being a larger opportunity than coffee outside of the US and Canada, we see a future with Teavana stores across North America and around the world. What first drew us to Teavana was the company's unmatched knowledge and authority around all things tea. Then we learned about Teavana's extraordinary tea sourcing expertise and capabilities. In the quarters ahead, you will see how we are expanding and deepening the presence of high-quality Teavana-branded teas within Starbucks stores in order to leverage tea as a driver of additional customer occasions, creating wide recognition for the Teavana brand, and adding another layer of growth within Starbucks stores. The opportunity to innovate within the global tea category is significant and we are poised to bring an unparalleled retail experience to customers around the world. Let me turn to mobile, digital, and loyalty. Perhaps no single competency and capability is enabling us to elevate and amplify the Starbucks brand and to deliver and enhance Starbucks experience to our customers more than our global leadership position and continued investment in mobile, digital, and loyalty innovations and technologies. And no single competency is more important to the success of our proprietary strategic flywheel that is adding so much value to the Starbucks brand and our financial performance. Fiscal 2013 was another significant record year for our card program, with over $4 billion loaded globally, and nearly one-third of all North American store tender paid with a Starbucks card. At the same time, our loyalty program expansion continued around the world including 11 significant new markets, including Germany, Hong Kong, and the Philippines. We have also begun integrating our emerging brands and adding a number of exciting new features to the My Starbucks Rewards program. Members can now earn and redeem My Starbucks Reward stars in Teavana stores and redeem stars for Evolution Fresh juices and other bottled Starbucks ready-to-drink beverages in Starbucks stores, all of which further leverage our world-class card and mobile payment programs, providing enhanced value to our customers. Today, with 11% of our US and Canada in-store transactions being paid for with a mobile device, Starbucks is far away the clear leader in mobile payment. We are encouraged by how our customers have fully embraced our mobile apps as the most convenient way to pay, reload, and keep track of their loyalty rewards. And with a current average of over 4 million mobile transactions per week, and more than 8 million customers using our mobile app, Starbucks mobile platforms are fast-growing customer touch points. Through them, we are communicating with and delivering innovation to our customers in a way that no other retailer can and on the horizon are enhancements to mobile apps that include mobile ordering and digital tipping are on its way. As we enter the last 2 months of calendar 2013, we do so with exciting plans for Veterans Day, Thanksgiving, and the Christmas holiday shopping season that we know will delight our customers and further add to our operational and financial momentum. There simply has never been a more exciting or more important time for our Company. I'd like to conclude by congratulating and thanking my 200,000 fellow partners who proudly wear the green apron for the exemplary results we've achieved in 2013 and extending my heartfelt appreciation to them for all they do for our customers all around the world every day. Well John, that's a very important and appropriate question and if you were in many of our meetings during this year as we prepare for fiscal 2014, that was much of the conversation. We want to do one thing and one thing well and that is whatever we bring into the store, we want it to be enhancing to the customer experience and complementary to our leadership position in coffee. Having said that, the last 2 years of our stores that we've opened, coupled with the comp number, demonstrates the significant health and strength and I'd say, unequivocally, in the US, business has never been stronger or healthier than it is today in terms of financial results and the equity of the brand and the experience. We feel very good that we have prepared our stores. If you go through them, Evolution Juice, when we brought it into the stores, we replaced an existing juice product and enhanced the quality and enhanced the experience. Teavana Tea that we are going to bring in at some point in calendar 2014 -- we're already in the tea business but tea represents less than 1% of our sales and we believe we can significantly expand that, and in doing so, create significant awareness in trial and use our flywheel to drive new traffic and incrementality to the Teavana stores. When we get to La Boulange, we've been selling food for 30 years. It just hasn't been as good as our coffee. Now our food is as good as our coffee and we have story to tell and we want to tell that story in multiple day parts and fulfill multiple need states. Carbonation, that is a new category for us. The test results in Austin and Atlanta and in Japan and Singapore are very encouraging. We think it's a significant opportunity, and again, we learned a lot over the last few years with our refreshment category, that we have other than coffee and the opportunity in coffee, we have an opportunity to provide a need state in the afternoon and the evening around refreshment. And also we've learned in the carbonation test itself, that there's a significant food attachment to the carbonation beverages. So this works hand-in-hand with our opportunity and I think we're going to create more incrementality. Cliff and his team have done a wonderful job in not taking the entire country at once with any of these initiatives, but sequentially going from market to market and learning from it, and not leaving one market to go to the other until we have it right. And that's why La Boulange has worked so successfully. That's exactly what we're going to do with all of these initiatives, as we did with Evolution Juice. So the short answer is, it's an appropriate question. We learned valuable lessons in 2006 and 2007. Those lessons have been learned and they will never ever be repeated and we're in a position right now where we're playing to our strength and we're going to continue to do that and leverage the fact that our stores are a meeting place and a gathering place for multiple day parts well beyond the core coffee business that we began 42 years ago, but we're always going to be the primary destination for the world's best coffee. It's probably the perfect litmus test for the future of the Company in the near term. By having 30% greater loaded on the card versus a year ago, and that 30% is almost 3 times greater than the growth rate of the Company.I think that's a very good question and a good way to end. Troy mention before, we want to go through the holiday quarter and see how the environment is shaping up. But on a parallel track, we've identified, both domestically and internationally, those key markets in key cities that we feel are very important strategically for the Company to both maintain and build on our share position, both in terms of number of stores and pure share of the market. And we are and have been in discussions with key landlords and developers to really understand with great specificity what really is the economic real estate deal that we could secure at this time. And as those opportunities unveil themselves, I can assure you that we will take advantage, but we want to go through the holiday quarter and really understand where the economy is going domestically and internationally and not just get too far ahead of ourselves. This is Howard. We had a very good and robust year in licensing. Cliff, if you want to take the question with regard to his interpretation of the downturn in revenue, I think that would be helpful. Cliff, did you hear the question about the -- In terms of your initial question, we have no plans to in any way change the ownership structure of our Company-owned stores in the US and in Canada. Obviously, we've been more flexible and more willing to do that overseas, where we get local relevancy and local competency from international partners that we couldn't get on our own. But I also would say that a great deal of what we've been able to accomplish this year, at the heart of that is the commitment, the passion and the operational excellence of our own people and the culture of Starbucks. I don't believe we could have done any of that to the degree we have in a system that was franchised or licensed. Thank you, Joanne, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report a very solid quarter and to close out an extremely challenging, but ultimately very rewarding, fiscal year. While few could possibly have anticipated the extraordinary economic and operating challenges that have confronted us over the past year, it is with these same challenges that led us to some of our best work under a common purpose, and I know that Starbucks is a better and stronger company for having come through it. I think I'll try and answer the first piece of that question as it relates to France and Spain and then give it to Troy on the overall strategy. France and Spain was somewhat of an outlier. We've got a very strong and long-lasting partnership with the Arango family that operates a company called Grupo Vips in Spain, and they became our partner in France as well. France has some of the highest level of transactions of any market internationally. However, because of the economic downturn that was experienced in Spain this year, 20% unemployment, we felt that perhaps we were better positioned to invest in the growth and development of France, given what we believe to be a very strong future market for us. And so we basically created a swap between Spain and Portugal and France. And I think both partners are happy. But more specifically, we see France as a long-term growth market, given how robust that business has been at the unit level in terms of transactions, some of the highest we have internationally. And Troy can answer the macro question. Cliff, can you just add what the benefits have been in the pilots? With regard to Seattle's Best Coffee, I think the fact, first off, that the organization was willing to have Michelle depart the core brand and go after Seattle's Best Coffee represents internally, and now to this audience, how bullish we are ultimately on the future of Seattle's Best Coffee. Just to build on your other question, also, I would just like to just say that given -- Troy mentioned the phrase, a new muscle. And I think it's a fair assessment of what we've been able to accomplish, and on a go-forward basis, the discipline we now have in place. But I think it's also important that you all understand that we recognize we can't, nor do we want to, cost our way to prosperity here. We're going to grow the Company. We're going to create the kind of innovation that significantly separates us from everyone else. A great example is VIA and other things that are planned. But we are going to create the kind of attachment and relationship with our customers in the marketplace domestically and around the world that is not going to be based on the foundation of just cost containment, but we're going to start growing and innovating our way that will be very complementary to the new muscle that Troy has talked about. With regard to VIA and SBC, clearly we now have developed a patent-pending process that gives us a very significant competitive advantage. But we are in the infant stages of what VIA is ultimately going to be. We understand the capabilities of the Starbucks brand, and at times whether or not there's limitations in terms of whether or not there is a cost per pound, whether it is in VIA or in a packaged bag. And as a result of that, there's opportunities for SBC to come underneath. But we're too early to really kind of go after what ultimately we're going to do. We also have Terry Davenport here as well. I would just add, just to close it up, is that before we made these changes, because of this being such an important customer base for Starbucks and such a visible application, this was based on a lot of not only consumer research that was both quantitative and qualitative, but really in-depth discussions with our own people as well, just to ensure the fact that we were all in alignment. And we think we've got a winning formula here.Thank you, JoAnn. And good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Before I provide an overview of the quarter and fiscal 2008, I would like to take a step back for a moment. Ten months ago, as we reported our first quarter results for fiscal 2008, I detailed an extensive and ambitious plan to transform the Company. We were beginning to feel the headwind of the slowing economy, but we were determined to take the necessary steps to position Starbucks for continued growth. Today after taking those difficult but necessary steps, I speak to you with a renewed sense of optimism about our ability to succeed in fiscal '09 and beyond. We have rearchitected our cost structure which will allow for operating margin expansion. We have a significantly healthier portfolio, focused on geographies and locations with the best opportunity for growth. We have taken steps on value and loyalty to reward customers, which is clearly a critical area in this difficult economy. We have maintained an intense focus on strengthening our core business, particularly our coffee leadership. And we have a leadership team and store partners who are reenergized and galvanized toward a common purpose. This year of transition is over. The steps we took in fiscal 2008 have given us a line of sight and the flexibility to drive EPS expansion, even in this uncertain operating environment. As I speak to you today, I am confident that we are on the correct course for these challenging times. We are doing what I believe to be right, retaining our core customers, providing value in a way that is meaningful to our customers, investing in our people and our culture, and being relentlessly decisive, on both consumer facing initiatives and on cost control. With the foundation of a world class brand and continued customer loyalty, Starbucks can and will weather the current economic storm by staying the course. During today's call, I will give you an update on the progress we have made against our transformation initiatives. In Q4 and for the fiscal year, as well as a look at what we have planned for fiscal '09. Pete will then take you through detailed fourth quarter and full year results, as well as the impact from the current macroeconomic environment on our business. And finally, Troy will provide an outlook for fiscal '09, and then we will wrap up. With that overview, what we would like to cover, let me emphasize that while our go to market strategy has positioned us well for fiscal '09, we are continuing to make bold moves and tough decisions towards transforming our business for the long-term. We firmly believe that the decisions we have made in the last 10 months and the strong management team we built during that time, will deliver significant long-term opportunities for our business and our shareholders. Like other retailers, we continue to face a very difficult economic environment, both in the US and abroad. We have a similar view to other companies in that it remains unclear how long and how deep this downturn will be. However, I feel confident about our position for three main reasons. First, we felt the effects of the downturn early, and we have been preparing for it, this uncertainty for some time. The store closures and reductions in force have been tough but necessary. We continue to be very conscious of our spending and cost efficiency opportunities. Second, recent retail results indicate that we may be faring better than many other high end retailers, suggesting the changes we have made to date are having some impact. Other premium retailers have seen double-digit declines in both comps and traffic in October. Third, we have very clear visibility into the decisions we must make going forward, to ensure that we are well-positioned for a continued economy, as well as for when the economy begins to improve. We are prepared to adjust expenses as needed as we move into fiscal '09. We are particularly attuned to highly creative and relatively low cost quick turn opportunities to drive traffic in our stores, as you saw just last week on Election Day. Incidentally, through a combination of a single paid broadcast spot on the second highest rated 'Saturday Night Live' in over a decade, and an aggressive and viral marketing and PR campaign, we were able to reach 150 million consumers with our offer. According to brand index last week, Starbucks' positive buzz rating jumped from 25% on October 31 to to 51% on November 5th, a significant shift for a one day promotion. I think we did that with the anticipation that we began to believe that fiscal and calendar '09 would be at least as bad, in terms of the economic pressure and the consumer confidence, and we had to do things before the year ended, to put us in a position to win in '09 and that is what we have done. We lost you. Well, I think as you know, we have not been a traditional spender of classic marketing and consumer facing activities that have been associated with most consumer brands. I think as we look back on last week, we did something last week that I think is very interesting to try and get underneath and understand, with the question is how do you leverage this on a go forward basis. But I think what it showed was that we were able to make a very small relative investment, in terms of buying a spot on national TV and running it once, and leveraging new media, the digital world, the viral community, the blogosphere, and PR in a way that really very few brands can do, but because of the cultural relevance of Starbucks, a national footprint and because of the fact that we were part of the national dialogue on Election Day, gave us an opportunity to do that. We drove significant, I mean significant, incremental traffic in our stores, with impressions on a day that was really valuable to us, because of Thanksgiving coffee, and the launch of Gold Card. We believe that there are other opportunities to do that. I don't think we want to milk it, but I think we want to be very disciplined and thoughtful about it. And then at the same time I think in view of the economy and consumer confidence, want to be extremely thoughtful about how we are going to spend marketing dollars on a go forward basis. But I think in this environment, the rules of engagement no longer apply, and what I mean by that specifically, I think our #1 activity has to be to maintain our core customers and ignite our base, and I think with Gold Card, and with that kind of promotion, and the things we are doing around value, we have been able to do that. And I think when you look at the way in which our brand sits today, the relevancy of the sense of community that we have in our stores, that really did resonate with our customers and the public at large, and we will look at other opportunities to do that. It was very clever, very smart, and very cost efficient. I think that is an important question, because personally I have been more focused on the transaction and the traffic number than the overall comp, because especially in Q4, it was somewhat artificial, as it relates to comparing it to a year ago. The music business has been significantly down sized and we also had a fairly robust brewing sale in Q4 a year ago which we didn't have this year. So the traffic number is what I have been focused on. In terms of on a go forward basis, what we have done for holiday and I think we were very early to do it is we completely revamped all of the holiday merchandise, to reflect price points that we thought would without question be perceived as tremendous value for our customers. So the overall price points in holiday merchandise on the hard goods side, has a lower ticket price than a year ago, with virtually the same margins. So we feel like we are in a good position to execute against holiday with the same level of retained gross margin, and there could be some attrition on ticket, but then to offset that, we are seeing a higher level of attachment on food to those people who have been buying beverages because of the success of oatmeal, and the other healthy products. In terms of your other question about the Starbucks Gold Card, in many ways, fiscal '08 was a year of learning, with regard to value and value testing, and driving a number of regional tests in different markets. And in those tests, I think we came away with the conclusion that if we provide unique value to our customers that really resonates with them, we will see a higher degree of frequency. And perhaps even a higher average ticket. So I think this is an opportunity for us to reward loyal customers, it is a great opportunity between now and the first of the year for this to be a fantastic valued gift, because the research strongly suggests that a gift card of Starbucks, whatever face value it has, has a much higher value, in terms of the connotation of the recipient. And I believe between that and the millions of cards that we have sold to Costco, will drive traffic into our stores, at a time when the cost of acquiring a customer for others is much, much higher than the cost of acquiring a customer in this kind of thing that we are doing with both the Gold Card and Costco for us. And then lastly, what we have always seen as a result of the gift card, and we believe we will see it in spades with both the Costco gift card and the Gold Card, is an annuity that comes after the first of the year, which will bode well for calendar '09. Troy, thank you. Before we turn to Q&A, I just thought I would like to frame what you have heard today, which I think are really two distinct stories. First, a year of transition with the associated expenses required to transform a Company, in a quarter with higher than expected attrition and continued restructuring costs. That first story is complete. The second story, and the one I would like to you focus on is, about the future, with the right cost structure, vastly improved consumer offerings tied to value and quality, and a reenergized team, Starbucks is poised to drive EPS growth in fiscal '09. We know what we need to do, we spent a year rebuilding, and we are faring well in view of these challenging economic times. Now is time for us to execute, and that is exactly what we plan to do. Thank you very much. JoAnn. This is Howard. I will just start briefly with a brief comment, then I will go back to Pete and Troy. I think it is important to just take a step back and understand that the entire year, with regard to transforming the Company, so much of that has been an assault and a focus on things that we have not looked at in the past. And that was at the growth of the Company and the success and double-digit comps in a sense covered up these things, and gave us the air cover not to have to address it. Or not to address it as intently with the discipline we have had now. The discipline, the focus and the relentless pursuit of efficiency and saving money at the back end, those things that are not consumer facing, has given us the encouragement, and the optimism to make the statements we have made today. Pete can get into the specificity of that. Thank you for the question. I have said in the past that I thought that in the early entrepreneurial years of our Company, the creative spirit and how that related to innovation was one of our core strengths. And with the specifics of the fact that we were able to be extremely nimble, and go to market very quickly. As the Company has grown, and the scale of the operation, it becomes harder and harder to respond quickly to opportunities, and get it to market in a timely fashion. Just because of the back room issues of SCO operations, product selections, and if you just take Vivanno as an example, we rushed Vivanno to market, but then we had to find regional suppliers for bananas for thousands of stores, and you would think that would be an easy thing to solve for, but when the banana supplier heard the order on a daily basis, he almost had a heart attack. It is that kind of thing. But to put it into precise terms, first and foremost, innovation, creativity, and our ability to create separation in the marketplace, with regard to differentiating products and platforms, is really key to the future, and I am intimately involved in all aspects of that, from the ground up. I also think what I have learned is the following, is that in this environment, it is very, very important to be decisive, but you are not going to have perfect information. And I think it is important in view of that to have the courage to go to market without perfect information, but realizing that there are going to be issues that perhaps you have to solve on the fly. I also think it is really important to maintain your core customers, and do everything you can to ignite your base. But please don't make any mistake about innovation. The success of the Company in the past, and today and the future, is reliant on our ability to lead with regard to coffee. The coffee experience, how we go to market with coffee, the aspect of sustainability, and what we talked about today with regard to Fair Trade, is that the innovation in terms of other platforms, are complementary to the experience. I also think we have to innovate with our people, and provide them new ways to participate in the success of the Company, as we did in New Orleans. You want to take the first one.I would just add one thing that I think is a subtlety, and that is that I think three or four years ago, our ability to select the kind of locations that perhaps we are selecting today, we could not do with a level of confidence. And specifically what I'm thinking about or trying to explain is the fact that our customer base is much, much broader today than it ever has been, which gives us great flexibility to achieve the kind of unit economics that we have in the past with a much broader set of the nation's population. And that has been demonstrated over the last 12 to 18 months in significant ways, where our unit economics in places that we probably could not have even thought of going three or four years ago exist today. And that opens up very, very big opportunities for us. Let me start on the international side, at first on the qualitative response to your question, and then give it to Michael on the economic response. Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. We are very pleased with the financial results our international segment delivered during the quarter, which positions us well as we enter the final quarter of fiscal 2006. During the third quarter, not only did our international segment deliver strong net revenue growth of 37% and operating income growth of 55%, we have also exceeded our Company-operated store opening targets for the fiscal year. This demonstrates strong performance amidst tremendous growth and is especially significant as we mark the 10th anniversary this month of our first market outside North America. That was Japan. It was exactly 10 years ago today that we celebrated the opening of our first store in Tokyo. And as Jim mentioned earlier, a decade later, Starbucks Japan now has more than 600 locations. Overall, we now have more than 3400 stores in 36 countries outside the U.S. compared to nearly 2800 stores in 34 countries a year ago. And this is just the beginning. In addition to the great opportunity remaining to infill existing markets, as we have shared with you in the past, there are several new markets we intend to enter in the next few years. And in fact, preparations are well underway to open our first store in Brazil later in the calendar year. We are now realizing the unique benefits of leveraging our enterprise capabilities in international store development. We will continue to focus on building out new and existing markets worldwide, as well as increasing equity ownership in existing markets where it makes business sense. We are pleased Starbucks is seen as a strong community partner of choice, which is evident by the growing interest for our stores from communities and cities throughout the world. It wasn't that long ago that many of you asked, will the Starbucks brand and experience be accepted globally? Today, our stores are considered a great community gathering place, and Starbucks is becoming an integral part of communities around the world. In fact, many communities are approaching us, seeking our presence, because we are seen as a terrific partner in communities where we have an opportunity to really integrate in the daily lives of the local population. This acceptance validates the strength of our brand and that the Starbucks experience has translated in unique and rewarding ways across many different languages, communities and lifestyles around the world. We have spoken many times about our excitement for the growth opportunities China presents. And you know our investment in the infrastructure there to prepare for capturing those opportunities. At the end of the quarter, we had 246 stores in mainland China, including Hong Kong, 177 locations in Taiwan, for a total of 423 stores in greater China. We're equally excited about two other major markets we intend to enter during 2007 -- India and Russia. You've heard us speak about these in the past, but it's important for you to know that the planning and research is well underway. We are in discussions with potential joint venture partners in each of these markets. Meanwhile, we are scouting locations, meeting with government officials, all toward gaining additional market knowledge and building critical relationships to make our market entries a success. Specific to India, there has been a great deal of information and speculation around exciting expansion opportunities for U.S. companies. Undoubtedly, you have all read the same articles we have been reading which cite India as a land of opportunity and a competitive challenge to China. As the world's second most populous country, with more than 1 billion people and growing at 6% per year, we see unique and great opportunity for bringing the Starbucks experience to this market. Much like China, India has traditionally been a tea culture, yet there's a growing coffee culture emerging, especially among the country's young adults. Also, like China, there's a growing interest in Western consumer brands and luxury products. At least three? Okay. At least three. I think you should repeat that, because not only do I not think there's many companies opening 1000 stores, but I'm not sure there's anyone in our space that has that kind of investment -- sales to investment ratio.Thank you, JoAnn, and welcome to everyone on the call. I am very pleased to announce the record quarterly results that Starbucks reported today. Solid increases in global traffic and the strongest holiday season in Starbucks' 40-year history drove our fifth consecutive quarter of positive comp store sales growth and enabled us to generate record revenues in Q1. Increased revenues, combined with the success of our ongoing efforts to improve our operations and efficiency and maintain tight control over operating expenses across the Company, enabled us to deliver both record operating income and record operating margins. Our performance in Q1 reflects the power of our new business model and the continuation and, in several areas, an acceleration of the positive momentum in trends we began to see take hold in 2009. Notably, in Q1 we start record operating performance from our US retail store business, solid expansion of our consumer packaged goods business, particularly around VIA, meaningful payoff on prior period investments in our International business and a further deepening of our connection with millions of customers around the world. Each of these factors speaks to the relevancy and the health of the Starbucks brand and the strength of our global business. Solid operating performance in Q1 also enabled us to offset some of the impact of both historically high coffee and other commodity costs and the new investments we are making in CPG to support our future growth. And this performance, in conjunction with the positive momentum we saw across all of our channels in Q1 and the financial discipline and rigor we continue to apply to all aspects of our global operations, positions us to perform well despite the continuing soft global economy, the fragile consumer environment and increasing commodity costs, all of which we are prepared to address in the year ahead. Let me try and answer the question about VIA in a number of ways. Let's take a step back from what we accomplished thus far and just kind of set the stage for the opportunity. The size of the global opportunity in terms of instant soluble coffee, as I said in my comments, is north of $20 billion. And that does not include the growing segment of single serve. And what we've been able to accomplish I think is something that we think we can replicate around the world and I would also say that when you look at the overall soluble market, the majority of it -- more than probably 95% or so -- is outside of the US. And I would also say that the degree of difficulty in getting success in the US in my view is much greater than it is going to be in markets where the soluble market is 80, 90% in terms of usage. But the benefits that we have is the ability to introduce VIA inside our own retail stores, use the relationship and the trust that we have with our customers and our partners and use our stores as a sampling vehicle, which most consumer products do not have. So if you take that model and you replicate it in terms of other countries, the success we have now had in Japan, Canada, the UK, and the Philippines all sits on our ability to kind of alter and change behavior in our stores and then, over time, bring it to the grocery channel. In addition to that, I think over time we will use VIA in a way that is a little bit different than we've used it today and there's no reason in our mind that VIA can't lead into a market where we don't have scale in our retail stores. As an example and I'm not saying we are doing this tomorrow, but if you look at Russia, which is 90% soluble coffee, we know -- we now know through our own research the opportunity we have with VIA. Now we don't have economies of scale in that market in terms of hundreds of stores. But we've got a fantastic brand position in the market and a lot of unaided awareness about Starbucks. So all it's going to take for us to go into a market like that, or for that matter India, another market that is 80% soluble and with a partner like Tata who's had -- who's deeply entrenched in terms of distribution. So we are looking at VIA now across multiple channels distribution in our own stores. In addition to that we also recognize that we've got to create local relevancy for VIA in terms of its flavor profile and its dairy component. And specifically in many markets, VIA will be introduced not only as a black coffee, but also with sugar and/or with dairy. So these are the early stages of building a significant global business in an untapped $24 billion category that is not only right for innovation, but hasn't had any innovation for over 50 years. So I think the highlight is we are just getting started and we can check every box in terms of what we've been able to accomplish. And I think the success, the metrics in terms of what we've done, it just speaks for itself.The other thing I would add, and I think this is important, and Troy alluded to this in his remarks. The launch of Verismo is the launch of a product, but behind the scenes, it is the launch of a platform and a deep strategic commitment that we have to the single-serve category, domestically and globally. If you look around the world at what an espresso has done building a multi-billion-dollar business, what a Keurig and Green Mountain have done. And then the nascent space that we believe exists in Asia and our brand position, this is a global long-term, multi-billion-dollar business. And we are just getting started. Verismo is just the beginning. And Jeff, I would also just add to that, that we are continuing to grow traffic in China. We're continuing to grow ticket in China. We're growing healthily across all day parts. And the two-year comp growth is remaining very, very strong if you compare that over the last several quarters. I think that speaks to the fact that, yes, we're up against tougher compares. It wasn't all that long ago, just a couple years ago where averaging of volumes in our business in China were roughly a third of US levels. They are now well greater than half US levels and catching up. And by the way, that comes at a point in time when average unit volumes in the US have been growing and are at all-time record levels here in the US. And yet China has been growing quickly. So we don't see any concerns about growing volumes whatsoever. Thank you for the question. This is Howard. I'd respectfully say no. I think all of us at Starbucks are deeply committed to preserving and enhancing the equity of the Starbucks brand. And as a result of that, we want to be extremely disciplined and thoughtful about how, when and with who we might do things that create an offer, whether it's Treat Receipt that we did on our own, or the relationship we developed with Living Social. I don't think that you are going see Starbucks go on sale or anything like that. I do think that we have to be ultra sensitive to the economic issues and the pressure on the consumer. But I think we've demonstrated over 41 years that the best anecdote for us is the experience we create in our stores, it's the quality of the coffee and the level of innovation. I think what we haven't talked about today because it isn't appropriate, is the pipeline of products, categories, and innovation that we have in the near- and long-term future. Which I think is the strongest pipeline in the history of the Company. We've taken great steps to recognize that the status quo in our business or in any business isn't going to be good enough. But I don't think we are going to go down the road of discounting Starbucks or doing things on an ongoing basis. That was highly selective at the time. And we're not going to do that on a consistent basis. Diane, we'll have to introduce Jeff Hansberry, who's on the call and is, you know, President of our Channel Development business, and he will take that question. Jeff, you want to start? This is Howard. I will start. I think it's a very interesting and multi-dimensional question. If you look at the last few years, there's no question that the economic environment in the US has been very challenging, fragile, and depending on the region, very difficult at times. I'm not an economist but I would say that the consumer environment is somewhat bifurcated and has been for a couple of years. And I wouldn't describe Starbucks literally as a luxury brand. But I think we occupy a very unique space that is the premium brand and luxury brand within our space. At the same time, we are still very much an affordable luxury by not only people who are at the high-end of luxury consumers, but people who can afford Starbucks in all walks of life. In addition to that, I think we have been able, as evidenced by Q4 -- and I think this is really important and highly relevant. We've been able to thread the needle, to maintain and preserve and enhance our premium position as a premium brand. While at the same time developing, offering, and creating value propositions for our customers that in no way dilute the equity of the brand but reward our customers by, in a sense, putting our feet in their shoes and developing value for them. Having said all that, I think we are highly confident that, despite any turn in the current economy that we can anticipate, that we have the tools to resources. And most importantly, the power in the marketplace to navigate through this by what we've been able to learn and the muscle memory that is inside the DNA of the Company since transforming the Company in 2008. I do think the burden of proof is on companies and consumer brands to recognize there is a seismic change in consumer behavior, as I alluded to in my remarks, as a result of social and digital media and the emergence of mobile commerce and mobile payments. But we are in the most desirable position because of the investments we've made over the last few years to not only be the leader in the space, but now have the tools, the resources and the capability to leverage those channels and means in a way that is almost unparalleled in the marketplace. So that the short answer is, we are optimistic that we -- we're confident that we can continue to navigate through changes in the economy. And we've done it now year-over-year. And I think the turn in Q4 is not only stunning, but gives us great confidence as we head into fall holiday and 2013. Cliff? Jeff, you want to just address the attachment on pods that we're seeing? John? Next question. Yes. Thank you, Joann, and good afternoon to everyone on today's call. Before we begin, as a lifelong New Yorker, I would like to express my heartfelt concern for the many millions of people impacted by this week's devastating hurricane. The images we have seen and stories we have heard are beyond heartbreaking. All of us at Starbucks are grateful to the thousands of first responders who are courageously and selflessly responding to this disaster, and our thoughts go out to those directly affected. I will now turn to the record fourth-quarter and fiscal 2012 financial results Starbucks reported today. Q4 was an extraordinary quarter for Starbucks on almost level. Record fourth-quarter revenue of $3.4 billion, strong fourth-quarter EPS of $0.46, which includes charges of $0.02 per share related to our store portfolio optimization initiatives in Europe. An increase in our total Company operating margin to 15.4%, and significant relevant innovation across our business segments and around the world. Starbucks' solid Q4 performance has ideally positioned us to go into the holiday with strong momentum supporting a powerful lineup of holiday beverages and [progress conference] and to further our commitment to continue growing sales and delivering increased profits to our shareholders in 2013 and the future. Q4 also caps off a record full-year in which our sales rose 14% to a record $13.3 billion, and our earnings rose 18% to a record $1.79 per share. What makes our performance during the quarter and the year even more remarkable is that both were achieved in the face of profound, continued economic uncertainty, and challenged consumer environments in markets all around the world in which we operate and compete. Starbucks' ability to deliver the results we did in Q4 and 2012 is a reflection of the strength of our business and brand, our deep connection to our growing universe of global customers, and the correctness of our go-to-market strategies. As we were all reminded at our leadership conference last month in Houston, the key to our success are the 200,000 Starbucks partners around the world who proudly wear the green apron and deliver the Starbucks experience to our customers every day. To each of my partners I want to say that I am humbled by your dedication and commitment, and that you have my deep personal gratitude and appreciation for all that you do. In fiscal 2012 Starbucks served nearly 3 billion customers who visited our stores, a statistic that testifies to the reach and breadth of our increasingly global brand and local relevance. And while the 18,000 stores in 61 countries we have today may sound like a large number, the fact is that the opportunity for Starbucks to grow our business around the world in a profitable, disciplined, and deliberate fashion has never been greater or more exciting. Over the past 12 months we added over 1,000 net new stores, with two-thirds of those being outside the US, and we remodeled more than 2,000 stores globally. Our plans call for us to open an additional 1,300 net new stores and to remodel roughly 2,000 more in fiscal 2013. We are well on our way to having more than 20,000 Starbucks stores on six continents by 2014. After more than 40 years, Starbucks' world-wide appeal remains undeniable. Starbucks is seeing strong and sustained growth in our core retail business across both the Americas, and China and Asia Pacific regions, where our comp store sales growth reached 7% and 10%, respectively. I would like to personally recognize Cliff Burrows, President of our Americas segment, and John Culver, President of China/Asia Pacific, for their leadership in delivering the tremendous results they did in Q4. Particularly noteworthy is that Starbucks' US business revenue grew 9%, and US comps grew 7% in Q4, reflecting the level of execution and intensity that is nothing short of fantastic, given the softer-than-expected performance we saw in Q3. We accomplished our US results by taking swift and decisive action to drive increased store traffic and improve operating efficiency at the very first sign of the early summer-slowing in traffic that we and many other retailers began to experience. And we continued to drive traffic in August by re-launching our popular and successful [trecrecy] campaign, and participating in a record-breaking, Living Social offer that was taken up by 1.5 million Starbucks customers in, believe it or not, in less than 24 hours. These initiatives also enabled us to generate incremental profitable sales, further communicate Starbucks' powerful value proposition, and attract more customers to our US stores for the September rollout of our full beverage lineup than ever before. As I mentioned earlier, the strong momentum we saw in Q4 has ideally positioned us as we head into Q1 of 2013 and the holiday season. Our traditional red cups and holiday beverages are beginning to appear in stores as a prelude to the official kickoff of holiday of our US stores on November 13. And I can tell you that we have the strongest and most exciting lineup of hand-crafted holiday beverages and limited-edition products in-store for our customers than ever before. Also new this year is Starbucks' Christmas Blend Blonde Roast, a specially selected blend of Latin-American and aged Sumatra beans that delivers a noticeably light and cheerful note. Christmas Blend Blonde Roast is a perfect compliment to our full lineup of holiday season offerings that extends both our blonde roast offerings and our best-selling Christmas blend portfolio. But the big news for Starbucks this holiday season is the innovation and opportunity we have unleashed with Verismo, the only single-serve beverage system that delivers perfectly crafted Starbucks Cafe Lattes and Espresso beverages, as well as brewed coffee from a single machine. If you haven't tried Verismo yet, I urge you to. The Verismo System produces the highest-quality, best-tasting, in-home single-serve expresso and coffee beverages anywhere, bar none. And it's the first and only single-serve machine that uses parts made from real milk to deliver beverage quality and versatility, meeting Starbucks' exacting standards. In the eight months since we announced the Verismo System, we have successfully planned and executed the launch of Verismo in 6,400 retail locations, including premier specialty retailers like Williams-Sonoma in the US, where Verismo was chosen to be showcased on the cover of its holiday catalog. Herods in the UK, and Starbucks stores across the US and Canada, and through online e-commerce channels in three other countries. We are supporting Verismo with only the third national TV campaign in our 41-year history, elegantly, through the unique Starbucks lens, and in a way that introduces and celebrates Verismo System and elevates the Starbucks brand. With more than 10,000 Verismo demonstrations and sampling events taking place over the next several weeks, we expect Verismo's momentum to accelerate through the holiday season and continue into the future. In addition to launching Verismo, our Channel Development team has continued to innovate in the premium single-serve category with other new product introductions across the portfolio, including blonde roast and our new successful refreshers platform. As a result of these and other initiatives, our Channel Development business increased revenues by 50% in fiscal 2012 to $1.3 billion. We have expanded our global Channel Development presence now to 20 countries and we are targeting tens of thousands of new points of distribution. But I can assure you, Jeff Hansberry and his team are just getting started. This month marks the first anniversary of the Starbucks K-Cup launch, and I'm very pleased to report that in fiscal 2012, less than a full year of operation, we shipped nearly 500 million Starbucks K-Cups, and have garnered a full 15.6% share of the premium single-cup market, well above what people expected. The store on Spring Street in Soho is a prime example of that, of the significant remodel and as a result of that, significant return on investment, and an enhanced customer experience. I just mention that because it's in New York. Sure, John. Thanks for your question. Let me start just briefly and then I will ask Cliff Burrows, the President of our Americas business, to speak more specifically about the actions in the quarter and what the impact of some of those things were. Yes, you're right. July, similar to June, and as we discussed at our last earnings call in late July, was a soft month for us. Soft, still growing in traffic, still total comp growth growing, but softer than we had been trending earlier in the spring. As we progressed through August and September, we saw very, very significant recovery in our same-store sales and absolutely exited the quarter in a much healthier place than where we entered the quarter. With that I will ask Cliff to speak a little bit more specifically to some of the actions we took.Thank you, Pete. Before I open the call up to your questions, I want to share one other encouraging result with you, one that cannot be quantified and that many of you may discount, but one I believe is emblematic of the success that lies ahead for our Company. Our connection with our customers begins with our partners, who are so closely reflective of those we serve. We do not need to rely heavily on focus groups to develop new ideas. Our relevance with our customers comes from the fact that we are among them, part of the same communities and part of their lives. That's why I'm so excited by the overwhelmingly positive internal response and engagement by our partners. Their focus and commitment will help us realize our objectives with our customers and our goals for creating long-term growth and shareholder value. This is a sentiment that is echoed in Fortune magazine's recently released 100 Best Companies to Work For, where we ranked number 7. This is our debut in the top 10 and the highest ranking we have received in the 10 times that we have been included in the list. Having a strong group of dedicated partners at all levels of the Company provides a critical boost to our efforts. We believe passionately that when we invest in our people, build an emotional connection with them and get them fully engaged with our strategy and agenda, we see positive results in our performance. To help us achieve that, we're bringing back our annual leadership conference in the fall of 2008. This is the most important and strategic event that we hold for store managers and above, and it is a major internal signal that the transformation is not only occurring for our customers, but for our people as well. Not only does it help us generate understanding and enthusiasm about our vision and strategy throughout our organization, but it ensures that we will maintain the links between our field and corporate leadership. This year, we will also augment it with a series of open forums for all our partners around the world. Everyone here at Starbucks knows that we have a lot of work ahead of us. Rest assured, though, planning and in fact execution are well underway. We have shared with you a summary of what we have accomplished already in the past three weeks. In about six weeks from now, we look forward to showing you our innovative platforms with which we will begin to reinvent the customer experience. Then six weeks from that, on April 30, we will frame out in detail our strategic and financial plans. At that time, we will also give you a date for later in the year, when we intend to host our analyst conference, to tell you more about where we are and what we have on tap, as well as introduce you to some of the leadership team who are so critical in making all this happen. We are all very excited about the future for Starbucks and confident that the actions we're taking will deliver long-term shareholder value and maintain our position as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. Now I'll be happy to open up the questions. Operator? I think, and I've spent a lot of time over the last few weeks digging into our business and really trying to dissect the issues at every level, but clearly, the consumer is facing a significant headwind that is affecting not only us, but everyone in the retail and restaurant business. I think you have to agree that the consumer is in a recession. In view of that, the trends that we see either in terms of geography or across the board are not isolated to any region or any product. I think that what we believe is that we have an opportunity to enhance the experience, create significant separation between us and everybody else, and drive an experience that people value and recognize as not only different, but something superior. But we're facing a situation where the status quo no longer applies. We can't continue on that path, and we have to push for self-renewal and reinvention and embrace change. John, I think that you hit the nail right on the head there in terms of the impact and the issues that relate to the true net margin that we receive as a result of being in that business. I think, if I'm not mistaken, the breakfast sandwiches are in less than 4000 stores across North America. There were more stores that were ongoing in terms of plan that we have stocked that are not going to be engaging in that business in the near future. I think it's a fair question. I think we will have to hold that until the 30th of April. But I do want to state in the answer, as I did in the text, that we are committed to being a growth company, that we're built for growth. We think we have opportunities that we have not taken advantage of and that the entire culture and mentality of this Company is linked to being a growth company. That is not something that we're going to give up. I think you've been following the Company perhaps as long as anybody. The thing about the growth which I just want to clarify is I think we all recognize the discipline and the thoughtfulness that we need to demonstrate in terms of the growth being profitable. There's no one around this table or on our Board that is interested in any kind of growth that is not skewed towards making sure that we provide long-term value for the shareholders, and it has to be profitable and thoughtful and disciplined growth. Having said that, the issue of innovation and remodels, I think we need to separate that. We have an ongoing remodeling campaign that extends across the country and now across the globe that is not part of what Pete alluded to. We believe that we have unique opportunities to advance the premium position and the experience in our stores around innovation, and I wouldn't have any one go off on this call and conclude that that's going to dramatically change the balance sheet or how Pete has described it. Pete, do you want to add anything to that? Martin, do you want to add something? Thank you, JoAnn, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I hope you've had an opportunity to read the release we issued within the past hour. During today's call, I will give an overview of some of the progress we've made over the past several weeks to lay the foundation for the transformation of Starbucks, as well as our first-quarter results. Pete will then take you through the financials in greater detail, and after that, we will be happy to answer any questions you may have. First, I want to say how confident I am in what's ahead for Starbucks. Over the past three weeks, I have received thousands of e-mails from customers and partners who share my enthusiasm. Our brand and business are truly special. People want us to succeed, and we're looking forward to transforming Starbucks for the future. The past several weeks have also been notable for the noise about competition in the coffee space. Let me emphasize we don't see that as the issue. What we have to do is simple -- differentiate our experience so that a customer walks into a Starbucks store, they get something that they can only get from us -- the highest-quality coffee in the world, served by the most passionate and knowledgeable people in the industry. We created the experience, and we will re-create that differentiation and leadership position. We strongly believe that we control our own destiny. And when we do that, we grow our business. We are a growth company. Our past success was built on us striving to do better and be better, on connecting with customers and innovating, and on embracing change, not fearing it. So our future growth at the levels that you and we expect from Starbucks will also be based on these same qualities. Returning to the sort of growth we want to achieve requires us to sharpen our competitive advantages, our passion, curiosity, community, commitment and authenticity. That's how we build our deep and enduring connection with our customers. As important, today we have an excellent platform to which to build. After all, this quarter, our results included operating income of $333 million, net cash from operating activities of $808 million, and solid international performance, with revenue growth of 33% and enhanced profitability of over 60% for the quarter. At the same time, our Q1 performance clearly shows we have work to do to get the business back to where it should be. We're absolutely not satisfied with our overall performance during this period, which Pete will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. What do we have to do? Transform the way we do business. As I described earlier in the month, we need to improve the current state of the U.S. business, reignite the emotional attachment with our people and our customers, and make fundamental changes for the long term. In all of these areas going forward, we're going to make decisions based on what's right for our customers. We are laser-focused on delivering what they want and expect and providing our partners with the tools that will help them exceed their expectations. In doing that with passion, creativity and commitment, we expect to deliver increased growth in shareholder value in a way that is sustainable and in line with what you and we expect. It has only been three weeks since the change in leadership, but we have made significant progress. We have now put in place the organizational structure and the leadership team directly aligned to focus on customers and partners engaged in delivering on our high-impact strategies. Martin Coles is now focusing with me on developing and effectively executing our strategy, and we expect to get additional leverage across the organization with Michelle Goss, who most recently led our Global Product and Brand Group in the new role of Senior Vice President, Global Strategy. She will work closely with Martin and me to help implement all aspects of our transformational plan. We promoted Terry Davenport to lead our Marketing and Brand Strategy Group. We've also hired Harry Roberts, a former Starbucks executive, to assume the newly created role of Chief Creative Officer and be responsible for elevating the customer in-store experience. We have moved Chris Bruzzo, a current partner, into the newly created position of Chief Technology Officer, a position he earned for the exceptional work he has done since joining us from Amazon a year ago. With a keen focus on our people, we have promoted Chet Kuchinad, an experienced partner, to lead Partner Resources, our HR function. In addition, we're in the process of recruiting senior executives for our newly established Global Real Estate Design and Architecture Group, as well as a new Chief Information Officer and a leader for our public affairs functions. With this team, we're now positioned to free up Launi Skinner, President of our U.S. business, and Jim Allen, President of International, to do what they do best -- operate their businesses. Working together, we will return to what has always set us apart -- the unique Starbucks Experience, connecting with our customers by delivering the highest-quality coffee and handcrafted beverages in a warm and inviting store environment. We have now assigned accountabilities to all our leadership team and their direct reports. They will own everything about their business and have responsibility for specific projects to drive the transformation agenda forward. We have also validated a number of programs that were already in the pipeline or underway that will support and further the vision. For all of these, we have set timeframes for deliverables, with some coming in the very near future, especially in the U.S. business. And please make no mistake -- we will transform the business while strengthening our relationship with our customers and building on our premium and leadership position. The first of these actions, as we told year earlier, is to slow the pace of U.S. store openings. We now plan to open a total of approximately 1175 net new stores in the U.S. this year, down 34% from our fiscal 2007 openings. That includes approximately 100 underperforming stores. In addition, for 2009, we plan to open fewer than 1000 new stores in the U.S. By reducing the number of openings, we expect to optimize our resources and potentially reduce cannibalization of existing stores. We have also taken decisive action in other areas to enhance the Starbucks experience. Let me give you a prime example. We have decided that by the end of fiscal 2008, we will discontinue warm breakfast sandwiches in our North American stores. The highest priority for our food team is to develop the right offerings so that we are the source of healthy breakfast on the go and also provide the best-in-class baked goods in the business to complement our superior coffee and espresso beverages. Our customers have told us they want a healthy breakfast alternative. No one in the market has responded to that need, and we believe that by being innovative, we have a unique opportunity to do so. Now, some of you may be asking why we made this decision. In short, the scent of the warm sandwiches interferes with the coffee aroma in our stores, which is the key to the coffee experience that forges our connection with customers. Moreover, while our customers liked our sandwiches, they told us they missed the aroma and the romance of coffee. We will continue warming pastries and selling lunch, with some modifications to the lineup. We recognize that there could be a short-term revenue impact to this decision, but it is the right decision for the business. If we execute flawlessly on our core, which we are committed to, our coffee, then we will drive customer engagement and longer-term top- and bottom-line growth. This is just one example of some of the changes you'll see in the coming months that will substantially change the retail experience in the U.S. At our annual meeting of our shareholders on March 19, we will lay out five specific, bold, consumer-facing initiatives that will be a major catalyst for change and transformation. They will be innovations through which we will extend our coffee leadership, reinvest in making our stores the third place for the next decade, encourage a deeper dialogue with our customers, and further strengthen our partners' and customer relationships with one another. That's just the beginning. These actions will reaffirm for customers in the marketplace that, unlike others, we're not a reseller of commodity-based coffee roasted by a third party. We have never been and never will be. We will utilize all of our 35-plus years of ethically sourcing, buying and roasting the finest coffee in the world to reaffirm our coffee authority. We're confident through our actions that we will get back on track in redefining the customer experience and expanding the differentiation in the market between us and the others in the coffee business. At the same time, we have devoted considerable attention to the U.S. strategy. We're capitalizing on our substantial international opportunities. This fiscal year, we will open approximately an additional 75 net new stores in international markets, increasing the international store opening target for the year to about 975 net new stores. In fiscal 2009, that number will rise to over 1000 new stores internationally, and it will mark the first time that our international store openings will outpace those in the U.S. As we continue to build our business around the world, we're encouraged by the strong ongoing customer response in existing markets and the tremendous reception our brand receives in new markets, such as the Czech Republic. We opened our first store in Prague this month to near-record crowds and sales, and given the century-long cafe tradition there, it's a market that we view as a great opportunity to compete and succeed. Further, the strong initial response is a great sign for our expansion in Central and Eastern Europe. We plan for Poland and Hungary to be the next markets there. I don't think we're looking at it quite that way. If you look at the comp issue first, we are going to be taking out breakfast sandwiches, as well as we're engaged in a comprehensive audit of every category and every SKU that we're engaged in on a daily basis with our customers. Every product in every category has to pass the test on its own merit by adding value profitably and really providing the experience with the customers that we want. In view of this new lens of discipline and customer-centric focus, we need to make decisions that are not based on driving comps in the short term. Comps are going to be very erratic, and in view of that, we think there are better ways to measure the ongoing short- and long-term success of the Company. We're going to provide you, as Pete has outlined, on April 30 with new metrics that we feel really, I think, for the first time give us an opportunity not only to provide you insight about our retail business, but the growing segments of the business. For example, we have hundreds and hundreds of stores that are not in the comp base because of the license arrangements or JVs. We have millions of dollars that we can't report to you because we don't get the credit for businesses like bottled Frappuccino. The total sales of Starbucks are much, much greater than the $9.4 billion that we recorded in '07. So what we want to do is not take anything away, but provide you with a broader level of insight and clarity about the overall business and, as Pete said, the ongoing trajectory of international. The last piece is this -- the decisions that we've made in the past, good or bad or indifferent, in many ways have been tied to the relationship that our managers and the leaders of the Company have had to driving comps. It hasn't always been the right decision, most importantly for the customer. And what we want to do, once and for all, is put the customer in the middle of every meeting that we are in and make decisions that are based on what's best for the customer experience. We know that in the past and in the future, if we drive a mentality of exceeding the expectations of the customers on what's best for them, we will drive long-term value for the shareholder. We need to transform the culture and the internal way we're making decisions as well as the customer experience.I appreciate the question. I think in both cases we will be more specific on the 30th of January. I will say that in my view there are no sacred cows to restoring the company to what it once has been and we are committed to that. But we will have specificity for you on the 30th. Thank you, it's good to be back. I think that's a very good question. I think when I really examine the level of innovation that we have brought to our customers, over say the last year or two, my conclusion and personal assessment is that the level of innovation has been subordinate to line extensions. They have been line extensions, they have not been innovation. They have not been transformative. They're not exciting. They are extensions of what we already do. And that's fine, but that's not what we're here to do. What we have to do is bring new opportunities to the marketplace that are consistent with the heritage of this company. I think for me, when I'm asked the question about when is it coming and how good is it going to be, for those of you who have known me the longest, I've always tried to in a way, under promise and over deliver. So on this kind of call, what I can assure you is this. Is that I am not satisfied, our team is not satisfied with where the business has been and the relationship that exists in our stores with our customers. We are going to fix it. Is it going to happen tomorrow? It's not. And there's no short term fix, there's no silver bullet. But what I can promise you, there's going to be a comprehensive focus that hasn't existed around here in a long time. I remember what it was like to start the company. I remember when we were fighting for survival, fighting for respect. And when you succeed at this level for so long, it produces, not that it's mediocrity, but you get a little soft. And we have to get back to what made this company great and that is having the courage, the curiosity, and the commitment to do things that have not been done before. And the level of innovation that we have to bring to the market is a combination of extensions of what we do but transformative, big, bold ideas. Thank you, JoAnn. Good afternoon and thank you for coming together so quickly. This is Howard Schultz and with me today is Martin Coles, our COO, and Pete Bocian, our CFO. We know for many of you it's late in the day so we will keep this call relatively short, but because what we announced this afternoon is extremely important, we wanted to communicate directly to you about it. As you can imagine, we are also talking today to our partners and other groups who have a stake in Starbucks' success and its future. Please know that while today's call will be brief, as JoAnn said, on January 30th, we are scheduled to report our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2008. I intend to use that opportunity to both review our performance for the quarter as well as to provide you with more specific details of our plans going forward. But my goal today is to give you some insight into the reasons behind the actions we have taken and preview of the dramatic and exciting changes that are to come. As you saw in our press release, we are going to implement a series of strategic initiatives designed to increase shareholder value by refocusing the Company on our customers and our relationship with our people. To put it simply, we are going back to what has made Starbucks and the Starbucks experience so unique. Ethically sourcing and roasting the highest quality coffee in the world, the relentless focus on customers, the trust we have built with our people, and the entrepreneurial risk taking, innovation, and creativity that are the hallmarks of our success. For starters, let me state unequivocally that Starbucks has been and continues to be a highly successful company. If I look at our company from a personal perspective, when we went public in June of 1992 we did so with 119 stores. And now Starbucks is one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world with over 15,000 stores in 43 countries serving 50 million customers a week. We have annual sales of over $10 billion and operating income well in excess of $1 billion. During these past several years, we did what many thought impossible. We built one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. But despite all of that and the strength of our brand and our historic financial performance, we became in some ways victims of our own tremendous success. We face challenges today including the slowing economy and higher commodity, labor and healthcare costs, But the most serious challenge we face is of our own doing. We are emerging from a period in which we invested in infrastructure ahead of the growth curve. Although necessary, it led to bureaucracy. We will now shift our emphasis back onto customer facing initiatives, better aligning our backend costs with our business model. I'm here to tell you that just as we created this problem, we will fix it. We are changing our organization now and for the future. It will take a good deal of work and some time, but it will happen starting today. And we will seize the enormous opportunity that lies ahead. We will have the courage to execute bold, new ideas that will drive significant and needed changes. The unique nature of the Starbucks experience has always been evident in the quality of our coffee and the quality of our people, both of which are superior. But it also must be clear in the way our stores look and feel and our commitment to our partners and our involvement in the communities where we operate stores as well as where our coffee comes from. And most importantly, in the way we interact with our customers. To effect the changes that are needed, the board decided that I should take on the additional role of CEO. I would like to pay special tribute to Jim Donald who is leaving the company. As you know, he has been a passionate and tireless advocate for Starbucks and I am grateful, the entire company is, for what he has contributed and wish him nothing but the very, very best in the future. In assuming the CEO role again, I will be responsible for the overall strategic direction and I will have the predominant focus on every part of the business, especially the U.S. business that touches the customer, people, product, and places. And in unifying our entire organization to be laser focused on the customer and the store experience, I will be working closely with Martin Cole who will handle the oversight of those parts of the business that are more operational in nature. Let me share with you in broad strokes about our strategic initiatives to drive the transformation of Starbucks. We have three fundamental pillars. First, improving the current state of the U.S. business. That includes how we engage our store partners and the training and tools we offer to them to be able to focus on the customer. It will include new innovations and new products. And most importantly, we intend to slow our pace of U.S. store openings. We also intend to close a number of underperforming U.S. store locations. This will enable the Company to renew our focus on our store level unit economics. We will also better able to focus our efforts on improving the customer experience at current stores as well as to take a closer and more detailed look at our plans by market to insure that we are capitalizing on the opportunities we have and not cannibalizing our existing stores. Second, we need to reignite the emotional attachment with our customers, returning to our core and restoring the connections our customers have with Starbucks. Our coffee, our brand, our people, and our stores. Unlike many other places that sell coffee, Starbucks built the equity of our brand through the Starbucks experience. It comes to life every day in our relationship our people have with our customers. It's not just a transaction. By focusing again on the Starbucks experience, we will create a renewed level of meaningful differentiation and separation in the market between us and others who are attempting to sell coffee. Third, we will build for the long term, and this has two distinct pieces. We need to realign our organization and streamline the management of the organization to better support customer focused initiatives, insuring our planning and support functions from backend IT systems to store operations, our focus on what's most important, the customer and the Starbucks experience. And our international plans are critically important and a significant priority. We will redeploy some of the capital that we originally earmarked for our U.S. store growth this year to further accelerate expansion and profitability of our international business. And we need to apply the successes from key international markets to the U.S., learning from markets such as Canada and the UK which have both enjoyed strong performance this past year. And as I've told you in the past, there continues to be an enormous opportunity for us internationally and we're just at the beginning of capitalizing on it with only 5,000 stores outside of the U.S. North of 200 stores in Mexico and we're not even half way there in terms of the growth and development. And the original plan was not to grow at that level. So we believe that we can accelerate the growth of the company and also begin to demonstrate to you and other constituencies a much more significant level of profitability. And candidly, when I look at where the market is valuing the stock, we're not getting the credit that we deserve for what is going on internationally, and it's probably because you don't see the stores and don't see what's going on. But you know, I've been in 11 countries in the last nine weeks, and I can tell you, it reminds me of the early days of the growth of what's going on in the U.S. in terms of the attachment, the excitement and the fervor that's going on when we open up stores in new and existing markets. And we're going to take advantage of that. Well, the fact that we're going to slow the U.S. growth demonstrates that. And I think you had a question about dividends? I think Pete wanted to add one thing. No. This is not a drive thru problem on any level. I'll take the first two. The announcement today about slowing U.S. growth and examining those stores that need to be closed, should in no way drive you to the point where you think the overall store target for Starbucks worldwide or in the U.S. are changing. And I think that's a very important point. I'm glad you asked the question. Our level of enthusiasm and the bullishness of what we feel we can do is not changed. This is a moment in time where we're going to reset the growth of the U.S. business, but over the long term, you can be assured we're going to achieve our objectives. The second question was -- Well the first thing I'd say is that for all of you that follow the company so closely, I really want to reiterate, please take a good look at what we're doing internationally. It wasn't too long ago, August of '96, that we opened our first store in Tokyo and many people did not give us much credit for being able to expand the company the way we have internationally. And now with 5,000 stores in 43 countries, we have built I think an incredible foundation of growth and development and a very strong iconic status among people from China, to Spain to Greece, to Singapore, Mexico, you name it. We believe that there is a lot more we can do internationally by refocusing our energy in the organization on accelerating that growth. Our JV partners I think want to grow more. A great example -- one of our best performing markets in the last couple of years has been Mexico. I think we originally thought that Mexico at best might be a market of 150 stores. Well we have north of, is it 200 stores, Martin? Yeah, go ahead. Well let me remind you that we are in the quiet period of the quarter so in view of that, there are limitations to what we can say and we will try to be more specific and respond to your concerns and your questions on the 30th. But let me try in my own way to say this. I've been here 25 plus years. I've seen every aspect of the growth and development of the company and I am dissatisfied, perhaps more than anyone else on this call, with where we sit today. And I have as much stake personally as well as my own reputation and my passion and commitment to making sure that we restore the company back at every level. The customer experience, the relationship we have with our people and in terms of this call, I've always felt strongly that we have to have the kind of relationship with the street and our shareholders that is a mirror image of the trust we have with our people and our customers. So what I'm here to say is that I'm making a commitment and a promise that we are going to do everything we can to make sure that the relationship we have with you from a financial standpoint is one in which you will be a proud shareholder of the company and recognize that we're making the right strategic decisions over the long term and we're going to take decisive action to put in place those things that have not been done before. In terms of international, I just want to -- I can't let you in a way discount the fact that we're going to reallocate capital from the U.S. business to international. Let's face it, our core business is building and operating our retail stores. From 1996 to today, we've taken a business that did not exist and we're now in 43 countries serving millions of people with lots of stores. And most importantly, we have built a reputation in every one of those countries. I strongly believe that there is a unique opportunity to create the kind of business internationally that we have in the U.S. and the thing that we know best is operating stores. And we are going to redeploy the capital and the relationship we have in those markets in a way that we did in the early stages of our U.S. business. And unlike the U.S., we have a tailwind in international that will give us unique opportunities. So from an investor standpoint, and I'm one of them with you, is that the opportunity to invest capital and get return on capital is the best use of funds for us to redeploy from the U.S. to international. Let me try and answer that but with the caveat that the specificity of the strategic initiatives and how we're going to communicate that will be in more detail on the 30th of January. As we examine the company and some of the things that I said in the prepared remarks, I think it's one thing to look at the economy and look at the rising commodity costs and use that as a buffer. But the truth of the matter is, that I strongly believe that much of the problem we have has been self-induced. And the strategic developments of the company are going to be a renewed level of focus, laser focus on the experience that we have in our stores with our company, with our customers. To be specific about that is that we are sourcing, roasting and blending the highest quality coffee in the world. And we're not in the transaction business. We're not a QSR, we're not in the fast food business. But there is renewed parody in the marketplace that has, for whatever reason, created a level of -- new levels of convenience, new levels of price, and people around Starbucks are intercepting our traffic by creating awareness and trial and trying to hold those customers. The new strategy of the company which you will see in place is to make sure that the level of differentiation that we will create in our stores from the people who are trained behind the counter, the knowledge they have about the way beverages should be made, and the total overall experience, will be heightened to the point where there will be distinctive difference. Unlike a technology company or company that has to file for new patent, what we are dealing with here is something that we created and it's human nature. And what we need to do is make sure that we are reducing the level of tasks that we're asking our people to do and focus on what's most important. And what's most important is passionately committing ourselves to the customer experience and driving significant differentiation in everything we do. With regard to the stock buyback and things of that nature, I'll give that to Pete and have him answer it. You asked one other point about the price/value relationship. And let me link that to customer loyalty programs and things that I think give us a competitive advantage in the marketplace. As you know, a significant component of Starbucks customers hold the Starbucks card, a growing and large percentage. And even during the last year, we've seen the card outperform almost any other product we have in our stores in terms of growth over last year. So the attachment and relationship we have with Starbucks cardholders is very, very significant. We strongly believe that there are unique, strategic opportunities to mine that information and use that information to create surprise, delight and loyalty programs that we have not used in the past. The other piece of this, which I think is important to note, is that unlike any other retailer or restaurant, we have other channels of distribution and we have leading share in those channels. $1 billion business with Pepsi Cola with bottled Frappuccino and ready to drink coffee. We have the leading share of Starbucks ground and whole bean coffee in the specialty coffee business in grocery. In years past, we have never leveraged or threaded the relationship between where those products were sold and using those products as an opportunity to cross those customers' buying patterns with a relationship that we can establish in our stores. And so we think there's a unique asset base here that we can exploit for the benefit of our customers to create new ways that we tie those channels of distribution together with one voice, one brand position. And we know from our own research that tens of thousands of customers never come into a Starbucks store, but are loyal users of bottled Frappuccino and whole bean coffee. We also know from research that many people who have become Starbucks retail customers have first had their first experience with Starbucks through bottled beverages or ground coffee in the grocery store. So that's a piece of the puzzle that we're going to really examine as we go forward. And in addition to that, we've expanded the ready to drink business in Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and most recently in China. And those businesses are far outpacing the expectations we had of them. Thanks for the question. In fact, that speed of service does not show up as a concern of our customers. I think we really have achieved the right balance between the expected wait time and people feeling that the expectation of that wait time has been met. There is no indication that that is in any way a core issue for us. I think over time what we have done is perhaps we have used focus on efficiency to maybe too much of a driver and maybe that has hurt the experience. But we will examine that, but speed of service has not been an issue. And won't be on the go forward basis. Yes, we can. Sure. Well I think that during the early stages of the growth and development of the company, we were the quintessential entrepreneurial group of people. We did anything that had to be done to advance the cause of the company. And in order to grow the company at the level that we have, which is going from -- remember, we had 100 stores in 1987 and 100 employees. Twenty years later, 15,000 stores and 200,000 employees. In order to achieve that, we have made significant and necessary investments in almost every aspect of building, of helping to build a foundation. Process, foundation, infrastructure, roasting plants, distribution, and lots and lots of people, well intended people. And I think along the way in doing that, we lost the focus that we once had and what was most important. The customer. And what I'm going to do, and I'm going to do it swiftly, is I'm going to realign the organization, restructure the way we are configured, to make sure that the layers of process and people that exist in the company that take us away from the focus that we need, the nimbleness and the entrepreneurial shift, is stripped away. And that's going to happen quickly. Pete? First of all -- and I think we have historically had really I think, we have some of the best if not the best real estate portfolio of any retailer/restaurant in the U.S. And as a result of that have very strong and unique relationships with landlords and developers. And I think when we go to them as we have been doing and talk about the things we want to do, there will be a great deal of cooperation. And the '09 number that you're referring to is not in place. So I think we have a strong level of flexibility and nimbleness in the process. Clearly, it's nothing even close to entire markets so we should move off that. I think that in our ability to leverage and extend the brand, real estate choices were made that I think outstretched the relationship that we could have with customers. And so the closures that we're talking about are stores that have not performed in the early stages and we have enough visibility because of the location and what has happened to recognize early that those stores are not going to perform. And the reason is, I think in the past we have not made these kinds of swift, acute decisions. We haven't been as decisive as we can be. And by closing those stores, it will allow us to focus on what's most important, the core stores that we have. It will enable us, I believe, to have a higher level of store unit economics and the span of control that we have with our people will be much more efficient and we won't be focusing on those stores. But I think in large part, it is we've stretched the real estate and the understanding that we had too far and we're just going to bring it back. Let me be clear, certainly I don't think there's -- well there's very few consumer brands that have been or will continue to be immune from the downturn in the economy and the cloud that's hanging over the consumer. But we are not using that as an excuse. And I want to repeat, I strongly believe that we can enhance our business despite the headwind that's coming from the economy commodity prices and we are not going to use that as an excuse. I strongly believe that we have the power with inside our company to create new products, new innovation and new customer attachment that will insulate us significantly more than it has in the recent past. I'm not going to get into those details, but you will see in the near future, that we are not going to sit still, we're not going to raise the status quo, that we have products, we have a level of innovation. We have, we think, other assets that we can bring to bear that renew the relationship that we have with our customers and create significant differentiation in the marketplace and I am not going to use the economy with you or our people as an excuse. I'll have Pete answer the latter and let me take the first question. It's kind of perverse that we were given so much credit over the years for broadening the base of our customer profile. And now we're being penalized because perhaps some of those customers are being affected by the economic pressures. Let's first kind of frame the size of the prize. I think you've heard me in the past say that if we examine total U.S. coffee consumption, we believe at this time that we are capturing less than 10% of the overall coffee consumption opportunity in the U.S. So there's a very, very large market that we have yet to go after. We know the past history that we have broadened the base of our customers and one of the most interesting and again, one that we really have not focused on, is we have a very large and growing Hispanic customer base that we did not have to the degree we have it now even five years ago. We don't have hard data to suggest whether or not the current attrition is in any way related specifically to the economic issues that are facing people who are earning less money. But I think you have to reach that conclusion at some level. That though, and I think I want to say it again, does not slow down the enthusiasm or the planning that we have for the growth target of the company which we feel very strongly about and very bullish about. This is a moment in time where we're going to take the right action, reset our objective, reset our focus, and get back to what we have done best. And in terms of the second question, I think Pete will now answer that. Cannibalization and pipeline -- can you ask that again? I'm sorry.The question about CPG, and growing CPG, with regard to any dilution, with regard to the equity of the brand. Bear in mind that we have been in the CPG business for over a decade. This is not new for us. What's new is that we are now in control of our own destiny. I recall, maybe fifteen years ago, when we decided to put Starbucks Coffee in Costco, and there was an outcry from the media, some people from the street, that that would be a dilutive decision to the equity of the brand. And I think we learned a valuable lesson there, and that was that we had an opportunity to introduce tens of thousands of people to Starbucks Coffee through that channel of distribution, and that customer base. Thank you, JoAnn. As JoAnn said, we are very excited to share with you the operations of the company, to walk you through the vision for the future. I think, most importantly, how we're going to execute against what we feel is an extraordinary growth opportunity for Starbucks on a global basis. Over the last few years or so, I have been a student trying to study what really makes great, enduring companies, and I've looked at hundreds of organizations trying to really crack the code on what really does it take to build sustainable success, to win a championship season year after year. I've even studied sports franchises. So, although there are many characteristics I have uncovered, I just want to share three with you. The first is that a company, an enterprise, an organization, even a sports team, has to have a finite understanding of their core purpose, and their core capabilities. Second, there has to be a lot of courage and conviction about reinvention, and the timing of reinvention. And I think you'll hear today, we believe strongly that as we push forward as an organization, we have to push for reinvention, self-renewal, and have the courage and conviction to take big swings. And the third, and perhaps most importantly, is culture, values, and a deep sense and a large reservoir of trust within the organization, and trust in leadership.Maybe? Yes, I think the way I'd look at it is separate the, let's call it front end from back end. So when we talk about support expenses, I don't put the advertising or the revenue generating investments in that space. But I think over time, we've grown so fast that we have built a back end or a support structure that has an opportunity to be better aligned with the business going forward, take advantage of global scale. And we can do that and leverage 17 to 18% growth for example in 2008. So that will give us room in the model for op margin expansion even if transactions move around a little bit. So that's what we were trying to say both in Martin and my comments. This is Howard. I am here. So thank you for the question. I think your other question that you asked was about international and we just came off of a three-day meeting in Seattle of our global partners. We all felt really positive after that meeting, given the health, the strength, and the conviction that we and our partners have. And you can sense also one partner after another wanting more geography as a result of the success they are having in their home market, whether it's Mexico, whether it's our Middle East partner that took on Russia, our Spanish partner who wants Portugal and on and on and on. So we are -- we clearly see the runway for international, the leverage that we hope to gain and the momentum that we think is on our back. One thing about this call that we just touched on is China. I just came back from a week in China and I can only tell you that we are winning there and not only in terms of unit economics, but most importantly, the attachment, the emotional attachment that the Chinese consumer has to the Starbucks Experience. And what we have done there since 1999 perhaps is unparalleled compared to any other Western retailer. So we know all full well what the opportunity is, but we have to be very careful and measured so that we expand the international business as thoughtful as possible, but the size of that prize is enormous. And I would say that despite the downturn in comps, when you look at the return on investment and the unit economics that we continue to put up year after year after year, they are best of class. The answer to your question about if these leases were not signed, would we go? And the answer is unequivocally yes. We believe in the size of the market. We don't believe that the issue around saturation is something that we see. And long term we think our Company and most importantly our shareholders will be rewarded for the growth and the footprint that we're creating. Let me just add to that. When we examine the competitive landscape, I think one of the things that we have not done a very good job of because we haven't had to is just examine and leverage the assets that the Company has that's meaningful to our customers. As an example, most people that are entering the space and creating lots of noise are not coffee roasters. They don't have 35 years of history and heritage around sourcing, buying, blending, and providing the customer with a fully comprehended, vertically integrated experience. That's an asset that is very, very important to our customers and speaks to the quality, the loyalty, and the trust they have in Starbucks. We have not really had to tell that story for many, many years because we haven't been concerned about people trying to in any way create attrition for us. The issue of competition I just want to address is that we take it extremely, extremely seriously. We understand all too well that we have built a very attractive business for others to look at and try and take away, whether it's 1% on the margin or big companies that are trying to take more. We are up for the defense and we are going to get on the offense.Thank you, JoAnn, and good afternoon to everyone on today's call. I'm very pleased to report the record Q2 results that Starbucks announced today. Global comp store sales growth of 6%, marking the 13th consecutive quarter of comp growth greater than 5%. Comp growth of 7% in the US. Total revenue growth of 11% to a Q2 record of $3.6 billion. A 180 basis point increase in operating margin to a Q2 record of 15.3%, and record Q2 EPS of $0.51, which after excluding a $0.03 gain on the sale of the Company's minority equity stake in the JV that operates our stores in Mexico, represents a 20% increase over last year's record Q2 results. Starbucks is continuing to deliver strong, consistent performance in the face of still challenged retail and consumer environments in many of the markets around the world in which we operate. While I'm very pleased with the record results we have been reporting and the value that we have been creating for our shareholders over the last several years, as I have mentioned at our annual meeting of shareholders last month, we remain laser focused on our aspiration to become one of the world's most admired, respected, and enduring brands. I'm honored that the progress we are making on this journey has been recognized by Ethisphere magazine, who for the seventh straight year named Starbucks as one of the world's most ethical companies, and Fortune magazine, who recently ranked us as the fifth most admired company in the world. Neither this humbling and inspiring recognition nor our Q2 results would have been possible without the hard work and dedication of our 200,000 Starbucks partners who don the green apron every day and deliver the unique Starbucks experience 70 million times from almost 19,000 stores in 62 countries around the world each week. From Starbucks' leadership team to each of our partners, we say thank you. In a few minutes, Cliff Burrows, President of our Americas segment, will discuss America's Q2 results in detail and provide a glimpse of what's ahead. Under Cliff's leadership, Starbucks' US business today is as healthy as it ever has been. We continue to introduce new innovative ways to excite our customers around all things coffee. Clearly, anyone suggesting in 2008 or 2009 that Starbucks' US retail store portfolio was approaching market saturation was just flat out wrong. In fact, stores we have opened the last few years are among the best performing stores in the 42-year history of the Company in terms of all key metrics, including unit economics, return on investment, profitability, and the qualitative aspect of how well we deliver the Starbucks experience to our customers. This performance is due to a new discipline and rigor we have brought to all aspects of store development that is both underpinning and driving our US retail expansion. We plan to add approximately 3000 new stores in the Americas over the next five years, with at least 1500 being in the US, and are now on track to open over 300 new stores and to renovate 1400 stores in the US this year alone. Our China, Asia Pacific region continues to be at the forefront of Starbucks' global expansion efforts, and we are on course to have 4000 stores in the region by the end of 2013, including more than 1000 stores in mainland China and more than 500 stores in South Korea. We will establish China as Starbucks' single largest market outside of the US in 2014 and have more than 1500 stores by 2015. We are building and deepening our connection to customers in China by continuing to deliver locally relevant innovation, including Chestnut Macchiato and Peach Blossom Tea Latte, two customer favorite seasonal beverages evocative of the flavors of the Chinese New Year season and actively building My Starbucks Rewards membership. We have now sold over 2 million My Starbucks Reward cards in China, representing an average of 2000 members per store and the highest per store average anywhere across our global retail system, with sales on cards now representing 35% of total tender. This is a powerful endorsement of the emotional attachment and engagement we now have with Chinese customers in relationship to the Starbucks brand. Well, there's no doubt that we got a boost from the sale of Starbucks holiday cards following the holiday season. But the one thing that has happened over the course of time is that the velocity of Starbucks card sales are much more significant in the off peak holiday season than ever before coupled with the fact that we now have a significant spike in other smaller holidays, Mother's Day, Father's Day, graduation, birthdays and gift giving. So the card itself is growing at over 30%. And we expect that to continue, and we just -- we're just getting started with it. I think Troy is going to give you the answer to the other question. I think the type of distribution that we'll ultimately have in mainland China will be different than the core distribution we have in the US. That channel does not have the nationwide grocery businesses. However, the demand for Starbucks coffee and coffee products that we've had from customers and from people interested on the trade side has been growing. And so we believe very strongly that we can take advantage of that, and when we look at products like bottled Frappuccino and the success of blended Frappuccino in China, which has been a significant opportunity for us, we think we can leverage bottled Frappuccino in the same context that we have done in the US which is a $1 billion brand. So this is a big, long-term idea, and it is built off of the unique trust and confidence and the relevancy of the Starbucks retail brand in China. And for any of you who have been to mainland China and seen that the people who are going into our stores, in now over 70 cities in China, are Chinese nationals who are using our stores in the same way that Starbucks customers have for years in the US. They're drinking Starbucks coffee, they're drinking espresso beverages and they're using our stores as an extension of home and work. Jeff, maybe you can also say the benefit we have about the stores within all of these stores, the thousands of licensed stores. Michelle is sitting in London. I think she is going to answer the question. Do we have a question? It's true that the success that we enjoyed with Living Social, coupled with the learnings that we had in terms of analyzing it, gave us great confidence that during the right time of the year, there was an opportunity to do this again. I think the Starbucks brand and the frequency and the relevancy of the Starbucks experience puts us in a unique position to leverage these kinds of opportunities versus a traditional retailer or restaurant. I think you are exactly right. The momentum in this quarter, there was no specific need to be a catalyst, but we felt there's no reason to embrace the status quo. We learned a great deal from Living Social, so we had planned to do it again. Finally. This is Starbucks. We're back on the call, operator. I will add one other thing. I think it is hard to, perhaps, really get underneath what's going on with social and digital media, the loyalty card and mobile. What I can tell you, though, is that we, as a company, have cracked the code on being able to leverage those platforms in a number of ways to create awareness and trial of new customers who are not in the Starbucks franchise, to lower our cost of customer acquisition as a result of the fact that we're using these channels as opposed to conventional advertising. And then thirdly, we can analyze with great specificity the loyalty and the stars that now will be leveraged on to the CPG channel is significantly relevant to our core customers. When you combine that with what we've been able to do during peak periods in terms of efficiency and productivity, plus creating new need states for customers in day parts that we in the previous years we have not been as busy, as Troy said, gives us great confidence that the 7% comps that we saw our first quarter and second quarter are just stunning accomplishments when you look at the backdrop of the economy and what other people are reporting, and especially given the environment we're in. So I would say that the ecosystem that Jeff talked about and what we're going to be able to do with these programs going forward gives us the optimism that we're in very good shape for the balance of the year. We'll take one more question, JoAnn. John, you want to take another shot?I tend not to speak publicly about margins. I don't know if Troy does or not. Well, I'll start. Maybe Troy can jump in as well. I would say that because of how we have constructed the relationship with Green Mountain and Keurig, and the experience we have with Verismo, and the innovation that's behind the scenes, that we are sitting with the winning hand. We are sitting with the winning hand because the more Keurig machines that are installed in households across America, the more K-cups we are going to sell. We have already shipped approximately 900 million K-cups since the formation of that agreement. And the velocity of that continues. But the relationship we have with Green Mountain and Keurig allows us to be agnostic and participate in other formats, which gives us great flexibility, domestically and around the world. I do believe that single-serve is here to stay, that Green Mountain has done an excellent job, and that we benefit from each other. And I want them to sell as many machines as they possibly can, because every time they sell a machine I know that K-cups are going to follow with Starbucks. Can I add one thing? I think, unlike a traditional retailer or traditional restaurant, the amount of times a Starbucks customer visits a Starbucks store during the week or the month demands that we as operators and managers understand that it is incumbent upon us to create a sense of discovery in our stores and levels of innovation. And that is why it's so critical that we continue not to embrace the status quo, even when we are putting up these kinds of numbers. Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. I was reminded about a week ago that I was here last -- three years ago in June of 2010. Really hard for me to believe that three years have passed. So I went back and looked at June in 2010, and the market cap for Starbucks was approximately $19 billion with a stock price hovering around $25. At that point, in June of 2010, I would say we were at the midpoint of the transformation of the Company. Some of you were in the room then. Maybe some of you believed, and perhaps many of you didn't, because there was a lot of questions at that point whether or not Starbucks' best days were behind them. In 2011 and in 2012 Starbucks had record years, record revenue, and record profit. At the end of 2012, we declared internally that the transformation agenda that we began in 2008 was complete, and we were now looking towards the future in a different way. And that's how I'd like to spend my time with you this morning. Let me begin with the aspirations that the Company has today. And what I'm about to say is not hyperbole; it's something we believe very strongly. And that is that we believe as a management team that we have the capability and the wherewithal to become the most admired, respected, and trusted brand in the world. And with 19,000 stores in 62 countries, serving approximately 70 million customers a week, employing over 200,000 people, we certainly have crossed the chasm of where we were in 2010. That aspiration is now linked to a number of priorities we have at the Company. Let me take you through a few of them that I think will provide you with the texture and understanding of why we have the confidence to move forward in this way. Let's begin with our core business. In 2008, and even in 2010 when I was here last, there was great questions and I think great doubt about the core business. And I'm talking specifically, first, about the US business. The US business was under attack, and we did many, many things, specifically around operational excellence and true innovation. And it's not an accident that the stores that we have opened in the US this past year and in the last 24 months are the best performing stores -- or some of the best performing stores that we've opened in a decade. And the comp store sales reflect that. We now believe strongly that any concern that anyone has had about the subject of saturation in the US alone is absolutely a nonstarter for all of us at Starbucks, that we have cracked the code of understanding with great data and diagnostics -- the understanding of where our stores should be located. And we've cracked the code on multiple formats, and integrating real estate design and different configurations and ways in which we can intercept traffic, become highly relevant to our customers, and demonstrate incrementality and continue with the sales to investment ratio that has been at the hallmark of Starbucks, which is no less than two to one. So US core business is healthier today than perhaps any time in the last decade, and we're going to be extremely aggressive in the US. Continuing on the core business, let's move to China. Every company that you're going to listen to and every company that you follow is going to talk about the opportunity in China. And the gold rush mentality that we've seen is going to be filled with great peril, because there's going to be a lot of failures. There have been already. Starbucks has been in China now for almost 15 years. We will hit 1,000 stores in the mainland this fiscal year. Our business is healthy, but most importantly, what's happened over the last year or two is the relevancy of the Starbucks brand and the experience in China that literally is second to none, not only in our category, but in anyone in the retail restaurant space. And that could be seen firsthand by visiting China and seeing how the locals are using Starbucks stores. What's most encouraging to us is what's happened to Starbucks in secondary and tertiary cities. The response, without a dollar of advertising and marketing -- the line's out the door, almost as a rite of passage for those cities, elected officials, mayors, to get a Starbucks into their town or province. The growth in China over the next five, 10 years will be obviously quite significant, and the foundation that we have built is as strong as anywhere in the world in terms of the skill base, the team, the expertise, and the learning curve that we've gone through over the last 15 years. In addition to that, the stores that we've opened this past year in India and Vietnam also give us great optimism for the future. We've opened 12 stores in India in a partnership with Tata. We are 12 for 12 in terms of meeting and exceeding expectations. And our first store in Vietnam was one of the strongest openings in the history of the Company. Rounding out Asia Pac -- just in the past four weeks, I've been to Jakarta, the Philippines, Thailand, and Japan, where I've seen firsthand the velocity of our brand, the relevancy, and the opportunities that we have. Asia Pac will continue to be a strength of the Company going forward. In Latin America, places like Mexico, where we have almost 400 stores and double-digit comps, we see that part of the world continuing to be a great opportunity for the Company. And then, lastly, I'd say that the experience and the challenge that we've had in Western Europe will continue for quite some time. But we are seeing the beginning of leveraging the learning we had in our own transformational agenda in the US onto the platform of Europe, and we are seeing incremental benefits to that strategy and improvements in terms of the operating margin. Troy can speak specifically to that. But our expectations are that over time Western Europe will hold its own, and we are still deeply committed to making sure that that market is profitable over the long-term. So the core business within the US, China, Asia Pac, Latin America, and Western Europe on a go-forward basis should give you great comfort that we believe that we can continue to maintain the kind of performance that we've had over the last two years in terms of sales to investment ratio and our comp-store sales. Now, what did not exist when I was here in 2010 was the leveraging of our CPG business and integrating that into the retail business, something we called our blueprint for growth. Let me explain it to you. Now, a few years ago when I was here, it was the introduction of Starbucks Via. That was a $50 billion category that we identified that had not had any innovation for 50-plus years, dominated by one company, a great company, Nestle. And we felt that we could bring true innovation, and it was ripe for innovation. We introduced that first in our stores, and we were there for almost a year with the intent from day one that we would bring Via into the grocery channel and create almost 100,000 points of distribution for Via alongside our roast and ground coffee business. Via has been a homerun for the Company and over time will be a billion-dollar business. But beyond the revenue and the profit of Via, what it did is it galvanized us internally to truly understand that we were sitting on a treasure chest of assets that could give us the ability to do something that perhaps no retail or restaurant consumer brand has ever done before. And let me try and explain that to you. Starbucks is sitting with a national footprint in North America of 10,000-plus stores, primarily Company-owned, because we are not a franchise system. If we can introduce products like Frappuccino, Via, and other products into our stores, brand them, create loyalty, create frequency and attachment with our customers, and then within a year or so draft off to the success we have inside our stores by leveraging the capability, the infrastructure, that we have built over the last two years within CPG, we believe that over time we can build a business outside of our stores that will rival the size, the scale, and ultimately the profitability of our retail business. And over the last two years, when Starbucks took the business back from Kraft, we have been building that business. And that business has given rise to things like single-serve, and K-cups, and Verismo, and things of that nature, and is well over $1 billion in revenue today as an overall standalone business. Going forward, you will see us introduce new categories into our retail stores, like we did this past year with Evolution Juice, and other categories that we believe make sense in our stores, leverage that with the trade, and create profitability onto the grocery channel. Now, in addition to having multiple channels of distribution and leveraging the store base to introduce new products, this month we are doing something that has not been done before, and that is leveraging the unique assets of Starbucks social digital card loyalty and mobile platform, and taking that into the grocery channel. This is also something that, for most of us that have done the work and looked at the research, has not been done before. So basically, over this past year and a half, we've noticed a seismic change in consumer behavior. And that seismic change primarily is due to social/digital media and the rising tide of mobile phones replacing desktop computers. As a result of that, the mining of information, diagnostics, and the emotional engagement and attachment that we've been able to create through a best-of-class relationship with Facebook and Twitter -- and leveraging the Starbucks card, which is now a multibillion-dollar business, onto the Starbucks mobile platform, in which today we are now processing roughly 4.5 million mobile transactions a week -- far greater than anyone in the world in our space. And that mobile platform is giving us a greater speed of service, higher attachment, higher ticket, and higher reload. The question was, if Starbucks products were sitting on the grocery shelf, what could we do that leverages the loyalty system of Starbucks? So beginning in the month of June, Starbucks roast and ground coffee sitting on thousands -- tens of thousands of grocery shelves across the country will have a tag affixed to the bag. And that customer buys the coffee bag, and they will be able to achieve loyalty or stars the same way our customers do in our stores. The initial read on this demonstrates that we will be able to create a higher level of velocity and loyalty with grocery customers as a result of their core relationship that they have inside our stores. And as a result of that, we will have a competitive advantage versus anyone who is selling coffee against us in the grocery channel. This is just the beginning of integrating card loyalty, social and mobile, in multiple channels of distribution. In addition to that, what we've done in North America with approximately 100,000 points of distribution within CPG is just the beginning. The long-term aspirations of the Company is anywhere we have size, scale, and maturity of the brand, we will create on a parallel basis a CPG business. So those markets that have north of 500, 600 stores will begin to see the formation of a CPG business. And as I mentioned -- or Troy and I mentioned on the conference call last quarter, we are beginning to do the initial work to bring our CPG business to China, where the equity of the brand and the aspiration of Starbucks as an iconic brand is very, very high. And the demand for our products outside of our stores is quite significant. The last 18 months or so has also seen Starbucks make three acquisitions. Let me explain each one of them -- why they are strategic; why they are going to add shareholder value; and most importantly, why they are going to enhance the customer experience. We bought Evolution Juice for a couple of reasons. We've done a lot of work over the last couple of years in the category of health and wellness and believe strongly that this is not a trend that's going to go away. It's not a fad. This is real, and the momentum of this is quite significant. The demography of Starbucks customers is linked directly to living a healthier life, and we believe that Starbucks -- the brand, the store, and the position we occupy across the country, is we have license to participate in this health and wellness category. And we are going to do so. The acquisition of Evolution Juice is we identified a relatively small company. We acquired it for $30 million. They had a piece of technology called high pressure pasteurization, which literally produces the highest quality juice in the world. We are in the process of rolling out to every Starbucks store in the United States about 4 to 8 SKUs, depending on the store, of Evolution Juice in every Starbucks store. On the West Coast, where Evolution Juice is now in place, we are seeing great take rates in terms of attachment and sales velocity. It will be in New York and the East Coast before the end of the calendar year. In addition to that, on a parallel track, which is consistent with our CPG strategy and what I have just explained, you will see Evolution Juice primarily in every high-end grocery store in the country over the next 12 to 18 months. We are already in 3,000 grocery stores on the West Coast. So the opportunity to create impressions, loyalty, and attachment of Evolution Juice inside Starbucks stores and then see it on the grocery shelf, and the cross-promotion and the cross-loyalties I've just described that we are doing with coffee, will be applicable to Evolution Juice. The second acquisition was La Boulange. And I think, candidly, for years we have struggled with the Achilles' heel of the fact that we have never been and do not want to be a typical restaurant. And that means we didn't want to cook food in our stores. We have been hunting and searching for the kind of artisan bakery and capability that could significantly bring talent into the Company and give us the core capability that we did not have ourselves. We found it in an artisan French baker named Pascal Rigo. We bought La Boulange for $100 million. They have 19 cafes or bakeries of their own. But the big idea, which is well on its way, is to significantly transform the food in every Starbucks store across the country. We've now done that in the state of California. It rolls out in the Northwest this month, and within the next 18 months from today, it will be nationwide in every Starbucks store as we have completed the infrastructure and the distribution network required to do so. We are seeing significant customer response. And all I can tell you is for the first time in many, many years, we are as proud of our food as we have been for 42 years of our coffee. We believe that this food is going to give us an opportunity to create incrementality in multiple dayparts and also create different opportunities to satisfy need states with food that we do not have today. This is a big, big opportunity to leverage the comprehensive daypart of a Starbucks store, where we have fixed costs in terms of labor, and be able to do something we have not done before. The third acquisition was Teavana for approximately $600 million. Why did we buy Teavana? Coffee, not unlike tea, is a global category, and many in the world believe that tea has more opportunities than coffee on a worldwide global basis. It's a $40 billion global opportunity, growing at double digits in places outside of North America. We've always been in the tea business, but it's been dwarfed by the coffee-ness of a Starbucks store and represents less than one half of 1% in a Starbucks store. We love Teavana for a number of reasons. With 300 mall-based stores in their portfolio and a sales-to-investment ratio -- very attractive and very attractive unit economics, we felt we could do three separate things with Teavana. First off, we believed that Starbucks' capability to acquire real estate in urban parts of the country that would be complementary to their mall-based stores would be a no-brainer for us. And so you will see hundreds of new Teavana stores over the next few years in street-level, urban locations that are analogous to the Starbucks locations we have today. Secondarily, if you look at a Starbucks store today, one of the hallmarks of Starbucks is the ability to create traffic frequency and attachment through the romance of theater and the delivery of customized beverages. We strongly believe that we are going to be able to do for tea beverages what we've done for coffee beverages in a Starbucks store. And we are in the process of designing and building the first street-level location of a Teavana store, which will be in the city of New York sometime in the Fall with a very high-end tea bar that will serve hot and cold tea customized beverages and create a new level of frequency and incrementality for Teavana. Once we crack the code on that -- and we know we will -- we will go back into the 300 mall-based stores, and over the next year or two remodel all those stores to put in place a tea bar that does not exist in those mall stores today, which will create higher traffic, incrementality, and more profitability for Teavana. And lastly, the opportunity exists to do two things -- potentially bring Teavana beverages and loose tea into Starbucks stores, which will obviously create a halo on the brand; and at some point decide that we can bring Teavana into the CPG channel, leveraging the capability and the infrastructure that we've built over the last two years. All three of those acquisitions were highly strategic, done so through the lens of our core business, and done so through the lens of our capabilities as a management team. La Boulange will enhance Starbucks' food in our stores. Evolution takes us into the health and wellness business and improves our juice business, gives us a CPG opportunity. And Teavana is another leg to the growth of the retail stool and leverages the existing infrastructure with no added expense of Starbucks's real estate acquisition design and retail operations. Teavana already has been folded into the infrastructure of the US Starbucks retail business. Now, I touched on social and digital media, and I just want to spend a few minutes on that. I mentioned that there has been, and we are witness to, a seismic change in consumer behavior. And any company that is in the retail business, consumer business -- it really doesn't matter; you can be in the insurance business -- that ignores this unbelievable tidal wave of change is going to be facing a collision course with time. In 2009 we began to see these trends, and even though we were going through our own transition, we began to make significant investments in capability, resources to really understand not only how we could be relevant to millennials and how we can create a co-authored strategy with people like Facebook and Twitter -- anyone can do that. The real question was -- how can we do this in a way that will add significant value to our customer's relationship with Starbucks, and ultimately drive frequency, attachment, and incrementality into our Company? If you look at the US business, specifically, and look at the fact that we are driving, in the last two fiscal quarters alone, 7% comp-store sales on the base of our stores, that is a remarkable number, especially when you look at our peer group. I can tell you that some of that is happening as a result of the diagnostics and the understanding that we have of how to use and leverage the tools of social and digital media, our loyalty program, and mobile to create opportunities to drive incremental traffic into our stores. And the information and the data we have, coupled with the expertise that we have in-house, is perhaps one of the most exciting opportunities we have in the future. And what you will see in the future is us be able to do this in a way that is seamless to the customer -- very respectful, but give them more and more reasons to come to Starbucks and leverage the science, the technology, the data in ways that I don't think anyone in our space is even getting close to. Now, I talked earlier when I started about the aspirations we have as a company. And when I look at the original Dow 30 from 1928 and the fact that only one company remains, and that is GE, it is damn hard to create an enduring, sustainable business of the type that we have built. It requires unbelievable strategic thinking and discipline, and at the same time, a level of aspiration that goes beyond the status quo. What we've done in the last couple of years in transforming Starbucks -- as we sit here today with a $48 billion market cap and a record stock price, it would be easy for us to convey to you that we are satisfied. Let me tell you something. We are just getting started. We are not satisfied. And if you were sitting with me and Troy in our leadership team meeting on Tuesday morning, and you didn't know what the stock price was, and you didn't know what happened in the last five years -- you say to yourself, man, this Company is in trouble. Because we are damn self-critical. We are not satisfied with the status quo. We want to continue to push for self-renewal and reinvention. And we are deeply, deeply committed to growing the Company in a way that balances profitability with a social conscience. And we aspire to become the most admired, respected, and trusted brand in the world. That is what we are going to do. And we're going to do it with great thoughtfulness and great discipline, and do it in a way that made our people proud to work for the Company and makes our customers proud to visit and support Starbucks -- not only for its products, service, and experience, but its values and its deep sense of humanity. Over the last two years, what we've done on the management side I think is important. We have built the strongest senior leadership team in the 42.5-year history of the Company. We have recruited significant talent into the Company that come to Starbucks with a skill base and experience far beyond the size and scale of the Company. And we have recruited these people because in addition to their skill base and experience, they have like-minded values. The alignment that we have with each other and our Board to do the things I've just outlined, to not embrace the status quo and push for reinvention and self-renewal; to understand that innovation is not a line extension, but innovation is something that is disruptive; and that Starbucks is in a unique position to disrupt the marketplace, because we have built over the last 42.5 years, and especially over the last five, a deep, deep level of trust with our customers and our people to continue to do the right thing. Whether you believe in 2010 or not, I hope that you will believe in 2013 that we are just getting started. That we are going to be the kind of Company that makes many, many people proud to be associated with Starbucks, and along the way make shareholders very proud of the shareholder value that we have created. Thank you very much. Questions and Answers Well, you know, we are testing lots of different things. We've said publicly that we've had a beer and wine test now for about a year and a half. I think it's promising. We are certainly seeing that. We have an opportunity in the evening daypart to create an experience for our customers that's good for them and profitable. We haven't decided what we are going to do with that yet. Do you want to do Europe? I wouldn't be satisfied over the next year or two if we can't maintain mid-single digits. I don't know if we've even given guidance like that or not. If we didn't, I just did. I don't know what you have given, Troy, about that. That's a pretty easy answer. You know, I have told the Board that I'm here for quite some time. It's been five years since I've come back. People ask me all the time -- why did you come back? And the word I use, which is not a word generally used in rooms like this, is love. Love and responsibility for the Company, our people, and their families. And I think what we've accomplished the last two years is a great indication of what we think is possible for the future. And I meant what I said in my remarks. We are just getting started. The UK is probably the most ferocious market in the world in terms of high quality food and beverage on every high street. And I think Pret a Manger has done a very good job, and we have a very strong local competitor there called Costa Coffee. Having said that, our transactions in the UK in terms of number of transactions per store, if you compare it to the US, are very comparable. The problem we have there is that the cost structure is very high. And I don't think that's going to change anytime soon, coupled with the macroeconomics of the euro zone. So what I would say is that we are pushing very aggressively to do a number of new things in the UK. We are seeing the beginning of incrementality in terms of traffic, and it's just early signs -- enough to give us the hope that we are on the right track, and we are applying every lesson we learned during the US transformation onto the UK business. That's a very good question. I think -- honestly, I think five years ago people in Seattle in our offices would have thought that they knew best in terms of what the Chinese or the Japanese or the Indonesian consumer wanted, and most things were invented in Seattle. That was a mistake. Over the last few years, what we've done is created a completely decentralized level of decision-making, especially on consumer-facing initiatives that relate to food and beverage. So the autonomy and the flexibility that these markets have to create their own beverages and food are in place, and in fact, Green Tea Frappuccino is one example of a product that was invented in Asia that came to the US. Thank you. [Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. It should be more than it is today.Thank you. My remarks today will focus on two areas -- an overview of our international business and a look at recent developments in our Music and Entertainment strategy. Our international business continues to be a key focal point for the Company. We have and will remain focused on building upon our solid foundation with a goal to continue to expand our store base through our entry into new markets. We also seek opportunities to further leverage the brand by introducing products outside Starbucks retail locations, something we have had great success with in the U.S. During fiscal 2006, we continued to focus on hiring and building strong teams throughout our international business, making relevant connections with local communities, providing legendary service to our customers around the world and increasing our equity stake in several key markets. Fiscal year 2006 results reflect the progress that we've made with total international net revenues increasing 32% to $1.4 billion and operating income growing 33% to $115 million. Overall, we now have more than 3600 stores in 36 countries outside the U.S. We have opened a record number of locations during the year, 665 to be exact. And we achieved several significant milestones during the year. Canada now has more than 680 locations. Japan reached 650 stores. The UK store count now exceeds 500 locations. And there are more than 430 stores throughout our greater China region. This is just the beginning. We have tremendous opportunities to continue growing in existing markets and now have worked diligently over the past year to ready ourselves for entry into several new and key markets within the coming year. Our solid financial performance during a time of rapid growth is truly exceptional, and further encourages us to capitalize on the immense growth opportunities that lie ahead for Starbucks. Before I move on, I would like to highlight our recent launch of the Starbucks Card in the UK. Beginning this week, our customers in United Kingdom are now able to purchase, reload and register Starbucks Cards at more than 500 Starbucks locations. The initial response was very, very strong on the first day. One enthusiastic customer purchased 30 cards in one transaction. This response suggests that the Starbucks Card will be very popular gift item in the UK and just as successful and well accepted as it has been in North America. In fact, we have already had to order more cards to supply for the strong demand in anticipation of the holiday season. Now moving on to a discussion around the growth opportunities available to us. Not only through entering new markets or opening new stores, but also through opportunistically increasing our equity ownership where and when appropriate. During fiscal 2006, we took advantage of the opportunity to acquire the remaining 95% ownership of our operations in both Hawaii and Puerto Rico. These acquisitions provide us with greater influence over the Starbucks brand and will allow us to focus on continued operational efficiencies and growth in these markets. We began fiscal 2007 with the acquisition of a 90% interest in our Beijing operations. This represents our continued commitment to invest in what we believe could be the single largest market outside of the United States. This will allow us to leverage the infrastructure investments we've put in place over the last year, to lead the Greater China market in building a consistent operating platform and delivering the Starbucks Experience to our customers in Beijing. Our increased equity ownership further demonstrates our commitment to China and through this transaction we hope to accelerate our expansion plans within this market. As the second-largest city in China, boasting a population of more than 11 million people, Beijing is a key market for Starbucks. Now let me highlight upcoming new market entries. Later this month we will open our first Starbucks store in Sao Paulo, Brazil's Financial Industrial Center. We recognize there is already a thriving coffee culture in Brazil and we look to introduce the local Brazilian communities to our unique coffee experience. Brazil is an important market for Starbucks not only because it's a source for high-quality arabica coffee beans, but also because it is a market with many growth opportunities for the retail sector as a whole. We will also open our first Starbucks store in Cairo, Egypt by the end of the calendar year, which is another notable milestone because this will be our first entry into Africa. Not only is Cairo the capital of Egypt and the largest city in the Middle East, and in Africa, it also has a rich coffee history, coffee culture, with consumers interested in the right mix of ambiance and products. We believe the Starbucks Experience will provide just that to the people of Cairo. The Starbucks brand continues to attract more and more interest from communities around the world, which is a reflection of the power of the brand and its relevancy to so many different cultures. It is the continued high level of community interest coupled with the strong financial performance we have delivered to-date that gave us the confidence to raise our long-term international store count total to at least 20,000 locations in markets outside of the U.S. With more than 3600 locations today, we have a tremendous runway for growth in international markets in the years ahead. Now let me provide you with an update on the results of our initial project in the movie segment of our Music and Entertainment business. Then I will review more recent initiatives in the overall Entertainment category. As you know, through unique marketing efforts in our retail stores, Starbucks was involved in the theatrical release of &quot;Akeelah and the Bee&quot;. And we were happy to report that following the film's release, we experienced great success with the sale of the DVD in our stores. In fact, Starbucks ranked among the top four brick and mortar retailers of selling &quot;Akeelah and the Bee&quot;. Our combined four-week market share through the end of the fiscal year was approximately 9%. Moving now to our entry into literature, you'll recall that during the fourth quarter, we announced the next phase of our Entertainment strategy -- the integration of books into our overall Entertainment offerings. Our first selection was a novel by acclaimed author, Mitch Albom titled, &quot;For One More Day.&quot; We began the nationwide promotion of the novel on October 3, with in-store appearances by Mitch in eight markets. Coinciding with that was the first ever Starbucks Book Break, where customers in 32 markets were able to share their thoughts and connect with one another through meaningful discussions of the universal themes of the book. Our role in the promotion of &quot;For One More Day&quot; was truly successful. Sales of the book in our stores has exceeded our expectations. The book has been a New York Times bestseller as well, and as a result of the success and the continued demand on a national level for the book, we will continue to sell the book through the Christmas holiday. Reflecting on that success with both the book and the film, one point I would like to highlight for you that you're probably not aware of -- and that is that Starbucks in both cases of the DVD and in the book, sold these products at full retail price at a time when these categories are being heavily discounted by other retailers. Yet we were able to maintain full gross margin on these itemsI think once again, creating an opportunity for us, which our customers really do trust the editorial voice of our Company. Now moving on to the music component of Starbucks Entertainment. Last month, we released a new CD from Ray Charles. That is right. You heard me correctly, a new CD from Ray Charles appeared in our stores last month. Starbucks Entertainment teamed up again with Concord Records to co-release and co-market &quot;Ray Sings, Basie Swings,&quot; a new album that marries never before released Ray Charles recordings with brand-new performances by the Count Basie Orchestra. After a strong first week of sales at Starbucks and traditional retailers, this album debuted at No. 23 on the Billboard Talk 200 Albums chart and it has remained there since its release. Starbucks locations account for more than one-half of all copies of this album in America. Our newest initiative partners Hear Music with iTunes, an innovative partnership providing online access to our popular Hear Music titles. iTunes users now have the ability to preview, buy and download a wide variety of tunes from Hear Music's library. The Starbucks Entertainment area and iTunes marks the first time that Apple has allowed editorial guidance and content from another brand that has been developed by a partner to appear with the iTunes store. Bridging the gap between product in our stores and the digital consumer, we are now looking forward to such opportunities as marketing programs that link physical CDs sales in our stores to unique content online. This puts Starbucks in a great position to create true entertainment destinations with the next stop in our digital strategy. We're excited to be working with Apple and iTunes on this innovative buying experience, which will provide our customers the ability to take Starbucks Hear Music tunes with them wherever they go. The success we have had with music, film and literature, and more recently our iTunes collaboration, demonstrates that Starbucks has truly transformed the way our customers discover and acquire quality entertainment options providing an enriching experience to both them and our partners. Starbucks has a unique place in the daily lives of our customers and we highly value the trust our customers have placed in us. We embrace the opportunity to be part of their entertainment discovery and we are committed to selecting music, movie or literature projects that will represent the quality and substance reflective of the Starbucks brand and experience. This is the same approach we apply throughout our business, seeking products, channels and opportunities that enrich the daily lives of our customers. In closing, as I reflect on the ten years since we opened our first international store, we have worked diligently over that time, building a solid foundation for our international business, which will allow us to capitalize on the tremendous growth opportunities ahead of us. Just look at what we have accomplished. We have entered 36 countries outside the U.S. We have more than 3600 stores in international markets at fiscal year end with nearly 50 more opened in the last month. Over that decade, we acquired full equity ownership in six markets and increased our equity ownership position in seven JV markets. While I am talking about expansion, let's not forget about store development. It was not that long ago following a great deal of planning and thoughtful review that we began speaking to you about extending our store development strategy to opening drive-through locations in America. Now just a short time later, we have also expanded drive-throughs to several of our international markets, again demonstrating the strength of the brand which allowed us to extend a relatively new Starbucks concept to our global customers. We now have a approximately 100 international drive-through locations, including stores in Canada, Japan, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Puerto Rico, Jordan, Australia, and Indonesia. In fact, just last month, a near record number of customers joined us for the opening of our newest drive-through in Monterey, Mexico. In a very short period of time, it has become the gathering place in the neighborhood. It is often packed from noon to closing in the late evening. It wasn't that long ago that we questioned whether or not we could extend the drive-through strategy to international markets. Would drive-throughs appeal to customers outside of America? Today, we are extremely encouraged by the strong customer adoption of these stores, so early on in the development of our international business. Also of note, within this decade we have made significant inroads in extending the brand beyond our retail stores by introducing ready to drink beverages in several Asia-Pacific markets. That is just one of the many opportunities to further leverage our strong brand equity and monetize the equity of the Starbucks brand outside of our stores. Think about that. Ten years ago, we had no presence outside of North America. Today, Starbucks has established a worldwide appeal, not only for our coffee, but the physical environment we have created within our stores. I believe one would be hard-pressed to find another U.S.-based retailer that has accomplished this much and achieved this much in such a short period time. The level of global acceptance which Starbucks has achieved is really, really significant. While this Company has come a long way in a very short period of time, I truly believe we're still in the early stages of growth. We have a strong business model which has continued to deliver strong returns to our shareholders and we have great confidence in the long-term global potential for Starbucks. With that, Michael Casey. This is Howard. I will start with Japan. I just came back from Japan. Our business there is quite good. It appeared that the price increase was relatively seamless in terms of the announcement. Feel very comfortable on a go-forward basis.Thank you Ryan. Before I discuss our international and accomplishments for the quarter, I would like to share with you the enthusiasm and opportunity for Starbucks I encountered during my recent travels to Europe and Asia. Starbucks has long recognized the significance the financial community places on monthly comparable stores sales growth. However, I am must emphasize now more than ever the enormous global opportunity that extents well beyond what can be garnered from a short term on comparable store sales. During my trip, I witnessed first hand the strong affinity for the Starbucks brand worldwide. In many existing and potential international markets I visited. From the phenomenal media coverage and long lines we experienced when we opened the doors to our first store in Continental Europe to the pride we all shared with our joint venture partners SAZABY Inc., when we announced a first ever stock option program for Starbucks Japan employees, to the already strong grand reputation that awaits our future entry into Germany, where I delivered the keynote speech at the 20th Annual International Fruit Services Forum. I can tell you with confidence that we are in the early stages of developing the many global opportunities available to the Starbucks brand. In fact as Ryan mentioned, we are accelerating our global store openings target for fiscal year 2001, which includes increasing our Continental North American target from 850-900 new stores and increasing our international target from 250-300 stores for the fiscal year. I believe the present real estate and labor opportunities coupled with extremely attractive coffee prices provides Starbucks a unique platform to leverage the growth of our global franchise during the time when most retailers are struggling. I was optimistic as I have ever been about the long-term strength of the company and growth opportunities that lay ahead. We are in an excellent position to achieve our fiscal 2001 earnings per share target and to capture long-term opportunities, and translate them into exceptional value for our shareholders. On March 7, Starbucks ended Continental Europe, via Zurich Switzerland with our outstanding partners the Bonapetich 00:16:16 Group. The beautifully designed three level store is located in the heart of this vibrant city. We are excited by the reception we received in Zurich and continue to be pleased with the better than expected performance of our stores. Our early success in Zurich further bolsters our confidence in achieving consistent strong acceptance of the Starbucks brand as we enter additional Continental Europe markets. We are actively evaluating markets and engaging in discussion across Europe and we look forward to introducing to many more exceptional partners in the coming months. I will just say that having attended that store and seen first hand, the acceptance that we have got in Zurich, I never felt more proud and more optimistic about what the potential is for the company throughout the continent. In the Pacific Rim and in the Middle East we opened 69 new stores during the second quarter including our 200 stores in Japan located in Tachikowa 00:17:20, Tokyo. Additionally, we opened our largest store in Japan at the Ginza Tokyo's most popular shopping district in the home of Starbucks very first international location opened in 1996. The new store occupies just under 4000 square feet and is our fourth store in the Ginza district. We recently opened our first store in Hiroshima with very high initial volumes. This marks entry into our 23rd city in Japan and further demonstrates the acceptance of the Starbucks experience not just in Tokyo, but also throughout the country. Our business in Japan continues to perform particularly well. I am very proud that in March Starbucks Japan announced the introduction of a stock option program for all of its employees. The ground breaking stock option program believed to be first of its kind in Japan will benefit more than 1400 Starbucks coffee Japan partners including eligible part time employees. These partners have done a tremendous job in establishing Starbucks as a market-leading brand in Japan in just less than five years. I am extremely pleased with Starbucks Japan that they have followed the lead of Starbucks in US in providing its partners an opportunity for ownership and a share in a future success of our business. Just last week, we announced our newest international market through a joint venture with the Dellet Group we will open Starbucks retail location in Israel, which we believe will be an excellent market with great growth opportunities. We expect to complete our agreement by the end of this month and hope to open our first license store this year. With that I will turn it over to Michael Casey. I will take the international one. I really think it is in important that all of you there are all listening do not over react to the comment we made about competition in the UK, and take back and sprinkle it across our overall business. There has always has been competition throughout every market that Starbucks has ever been in, and in fact the competitors have got better and in view of that, so is our overall business. The issue in the UK is that we are in a position where we are establishing a leadership position in terms of the brands, and the number of units, and the downturn in the economy not only in terms of the ability of people to buy coffee, and the down turn in the traffic, the issue around meat, and what has happened there with mad cow disease ... there is a lot of issues circling around and as a result of that our business is not as strong there as we have hoped. The issue around competition is there are a lot of free ware showing coffee at a time when business is not as good as it needs to be. I will say as I said in the past about domestic competitors I do not think a lot of those people are going to be there at the end of the day, there are small companies their business and economic model I do not think is sustainable in the long run, and we are going to continue to accelerate our growth and development despite this what we think is am anomaly in the market place. In terms of the rest of the market I think Switzerland is the best example. Switzerland has hundreds of coffee places to go, perhaps some of the best coffee in the world, a long tradition of coffee cultures that is quite good, the skeptics and the cynics said we would not be successful there, we opened to record numbers, it has continued very strong, our partner now wants to accelerate the initial plan in terms of the model we had for the balance of this calendar year and that has given us great comfort in terms of the rest of the market. I have traveled around the continent since the last call I am very excited about the markets that we are looking at ... there is always competition ... we believe that we will differentiate ourselves, and I think the most stunning example of this is the unaided awareness and the enthusiasm around the Starbucks brand and experience despite the fact that we have not got into so many of these countries. There were standing room only for the speech I gave in Germany all people who wanted to hear the Starbucks story, and that is the market that we are very excited about. So this only has been competition, please do not read into that, and we are bullous ever and we are going to be more aggressive than we originally planned in terms of accelerating our international business. Rick your question is that consumer confidence in traffic ... I think that we said all long that we believe that in comparison to other retailers and merchants Starbucks was in a very strong position to weather the economic storm. What we could not predict was the effect or the down turn in terms of the attrition of the deficit in traffic throughout America, and as you can see we did announce today that we had an increase of 1%+ traffic, which is down significantly from quarter past. And in view of the indication in terms of the economy and current traffic indicators, we believe it is prudent to adjust for the market place your own expectation on comps. I think the most important message here though which we try to provide you is that we are very confident that even though there is a attrition in traffic, and a down turn from the mid single digit comparable to the lower comparable we are maintaining our commitment to EPS, and that is a commitment that is strong, and we feel good about it especially at a time when other retailers are reporting negative numbers. So, our cost structure and our ability to weather this storm is very, very good and the foundation of the company I think is also important to make sure you understand that we are going to accelerate into this economic down turn, take full advantage of the infrastructure and investment that we have made not only domestically but internationally, and we are seeing availability of real estate, and we believe we are seeing economic opportunities on real estate that we did not see when the economic issues were much better. Yeah, and that is going to play very well to the long term value accretion for our shareholders ... and I should say that it is not as similar to when we were expanding in Japan when we first entered Japan in 1996. It was at the outset of a bubble bursting and the real estate opportunities in the economic there were quite good and we were the company that took full advantage of it, which we are reaping the benefits of today.John I appreciate the question. I think as noted but in my comments, we are making a significant strategic shift, in a number of ways. One is we have never had really national pricing and so the markets have been very different from market to market. So this is a change. The pairings that we are talking about you eluded to bundling, this is a attempt that we think is a very strong sign of the things that we need to do around value. And the research that we have done strongly indicates that the appetite from customers to respond positively is there. For competitive purposes I'm not going to respond to what we may do or when we may do it, but we are making a commitment to this strategy and we think it's the right thing to do at this time. And I think it is very very important to demonstrate a deep level of understanding and sensitivity about what our customers are feeling and our own research strongly suggests that. I will start and the maybe Cliff can jump in. So much of the issues surrounding the closures relate to the significant fracturing of the impact of the financial system by geography. And so if you take the state of California and Florida, which for us has been the two most affected markets, those markets in previous years have been fantastic, not only growth markets but very profitable for the Company. And I wouldn't make any I wouldn't draw a conclusion that as a result of those two geographies the equity of the Starbucks brand or the store opening schedule in the future is dismal because we are dealing with things that we never dealt with before. When you have -- when you take a ZIP code and look at the foreclosures in that market, there was no opportunity that we ever could have forecasted when we opened up stores there that the market would be so dramatically impacted by the fact that people aren't living there anymore. So I know the kind of answer you want. But the truth of the matter is that there is such a direct correlation between the stores that we opened in anticipation of a normalized economic environment and the fact that that economic environment no longer exists. So I think the steps that we are talking are for this moment in time and we are focused on that and I think to be able to forecast the future as it relates to new growth and new geography, we got to get through this time and really understand what the situation will be. The flip side of that, though is just I know this is kind of a long winded answer, is that in many many areas of both California and Florida, where the economy is relatively strong, or the impact of foreclosures has not been as significant, our stores are thriving. So there is such a common thread to the problem and I might add to the retailers and higher end restaurants that I talk to, you can almost mirror their situation with ours in both those two states. Thank you Joe Ann. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Before launching in to our overview of the quarter, I think it's important for me to provide some context. When many of us met for the analyst conference in New York in early December, we announced that we were anticipating and preparing for for a challenging Holiday season and in fact a difficult fiscal 2009. Yet, while only seven weeks have passed since then, new data shows that by virtually all statistical measures the pace of weakening in the business environment and global economy we were anticipating has been accelerating. In the US unemployment risen to 7.2%, a 15 year high. We are seeing unemployment in California approach 10%. Jobless claims are at the highest levels since 1982 and climbing. The rate of home foreclosures across the US has more than doubled in the last two years. These are just a few of the factors contributed to an all time low in consumer confidence and the worst Holiday shopping season in the US since 1969. Similar conditions and circumstances are being felt around the world, especially in western Europe, and in the UK, where retailers overall experienced their worst December in 14 years. You know all this of course, but I remind you of the current environment at this moment not to distract from our results but to make an important point. In today's environment, companies with solid fundamentals, strong cash flows, appropriate levels of liquidity to support current operations and future growth opportunities, a loyal customer base, and an enduring brand will have the strength to both ride out the storm, and make sound strategic business decisions for the long-term. On these criteria I can assure you that Starbucks is a Company with solid sound fundamentals and most importantly a plan to win. So while I'm far from pleased with our performance this quarter and I anticipate that our results could remain under pressure until the economy begins to recover, I believe we are navigating this storm affectively and that we will emerge from it leaner, stronger and better positioned. As we outlined in early December, we had identified approximately $400 million in targeted cost savings that would positivity impact fiscal 2009 and we were continuing to scour the business for additional areas in which we could reduce cost, improve operating efficiencies or both. Today, we will provide further detail on the previously announced savings and we will also share with you an additional $100 million in new cost savings initiatives that we have identified that we expect will bring in the total fiscal 2009 savings to approximately $500 million. Today we will also provide insight to new consumer facing actions and initiatives we are undertaking to ensure we attain our core customers. Customers who account for a good portion of the 50 million transactions at our stores every week while aggressively pursuing new customers through the Starbucks lens of quality and value. You will hear more detail about some of these initiatives later, but our strategy includes continuing to offer the best coffee experience, aggressively pushing back on misperceptions about our affordability and introducing programs to design programs designed to bring consumers in to our stores during all day parts. Troy will then take you through the financials in detail and finally I will talk to some of the things that we have planned to ensure that we are on the path to building the business for the long-term. Earlier today we announced to our partners our plans for a global work force reduction that will result in approximately 700 nonstore partners being separated from the Company. Approximately half of those in the Starbucks support center in Seattle. We also announced that we are planning to close approximately 300 additional under performing Company operated stores. Approximately 200 in the US and the remainder in international markets to further strengthen our store portfolio. We anticipate that the closures combined with the reduced store openings for fiscal 2009 and other labor efficiency initiatives could result in an additional reduction as many as 6,000 store positions over the course of the fiscal year. However, as before, we hope to be able to place impacted store partners elsewhere in the store organization. And importantly, we've redeployed approximately 70% of displaced store partners from our original set of layoffs that we had this summer. A list of the closures will be available one it has been finalized and once impacted partners have been notified. For our existing Company owned stores we are reaching to all landlords globally to look for opportunities to renegotiate rents, under our leases. This should allow our stores to become more profitable over time and we are eager to work with land lords to find solutions that are usually beneficial. We have also been forced to take a hard look at partner benefits. In doing so, we have focused on preserving those benefits that are core to the culture and values while trimming back others that have simply become unsustainable on a go forward basis. Making the decision to trim benefits was extremely difficult for us as you might imagine, but it was for us just as it has been for many other companies, an important step take and we took it. I am very pleased to report however, that in the end we were able to leave in tact, health care coverage for all eligible full and part-time partners for fiscal 2009, and equity in the form of stock options for all our partners - the people who are so critical to the success of Starbucks today and in to the future. These extremely difficult decisions were made even more so by the fact they will have a significant impact on many members of the Starbucks family who have directly contributed to the success. And for that reason, if these decisions were only about getting through a tough period we would likely have come out differently on them, but they were not. These decisions were about the need and our management's intent to transform Starbucks into a leaner, more nimble and more aggressive Company that is prepared to act and react quickly to fast changing market conditions, and consumer behavior in the US and around the world. You have heard us talk about redesigning our cost structure for the long-term. The changes announced today are additional significant steps in that direction. Our retail stores remain and we believe thrive will thrive in locations that are convenient to our core demographic base. We will address other demographics and geographies in new innovative ways but more on that later. There were 195 net new store openings for the quarter, significantly less than in the first quarter of fiscal 2008, we ended the quarter with more than 16,000 Starbucks stores globally. Consolidated net revenues $2.6 billion in Q1, down 6% year-over-year. Operating income was $118 million in Q1, which includes approximately $75 million in restructuring charges. Most of these charges are associated with previously announced store closures in our US business. Earnings per share for Q1 were $0.09 and were $0.15 non-GAAP including $0.06 relating to restructuring charges. And Troy will provide more detail in his remarks. Now I would like to touch on a few highlights from the three businesses beginning with our US business. Despite the difficult economic environment and tough Holiday season, Starbucks sold more than 26 million new Starbucks cards, and cards overall were loaded with nearly $560 million, an 8% increase over last year. This performance demonstrated for us the broad appeal of the Starbucks card as a gift, especially in contrast to the performance of the overall gift card business which has been forecasted to be down as much as 10%, heading into the final week of the Holiday shopping season. We are confident that the Starbucks card brings incremental business into our stores and are also confident we can get a higher incrementality for cards sold in third party channels such as the success we had with Costco , which activated five million cards during the Holiday season. We were extremely encourage by customer response to our new Starbucks gold card. Program members, now more than 500,000 strong, averaged 15 visits per month and spend about 10% more per visit than nonmembers. Even after the Holiday season we continue to see strong attachment adding more than 10,000 new gold card members a week. All of this we believe should bode well for calendar 2009 and beyond, and under scores the powerful asset we have in our card programs. Which affords us the opportunity to deepen customers connection with the brand, and drive our business even in tough times. Because we anticipated a difficult Holiday season, our merchandise strategy enabled us to sell through a significant portion of our Holiday inventory with limited markdowns. We focused on lower price gifts and added limited time sale. Our Thanksgiving blend seasonal coffee was well received and we actually sold out of the coffee well before Thanksgiving. Our partnership with Product Red enabled us to leverage media visibility in a cluttered consumer environment and reinforce the core values of our brand and our Company. On balance customer shop late to get the benefit of additional discounts. The US business began to implement targeted cost savings initiatives in the first quarter through labor optimization, waste reduction, and supply chain efficiencies. Based on changing traffic trends we evaluated and actively managed hours of operation and labor targets on a store by store basis. From a planning perspective this quarter we focused on implementing the fundamental changes we believe will set the US business up for success in the future. This include a further simplified promotional calendar designed to both drive traffic and incrementality, and obviously improve service. Internationally, we are maintaining a steady course in executing our business strategies learned from the US, which has influenced news taking a measured approach in our growth. We are partnering with those who have values similar to ours, understanding local markets and able to deliver successful results through either joint venture or license stores, which constitutes approximately two-thirds of all Starbucks international stores. We also continue to look for opportunities to provide the Starbucks experience through international channels such as our CPG and food service operations. Looking at our first quarter the international business continues to be different based on which region we are discussing. We had successful market entries in Portugal and Bulgaria and newer markets including Russia and Argentina are also performing well. Russia continues to have one of the highest average ticket rates and Argentina is seeing some of the highest transaction volumes in our system. In China where we celebrated our 10-year anniversary, we are still seeing good growth in spite of the slowing economy reflected in positive comp store sales. We currently have approximately 350 locations in 26 cities in mainland China, and 700 locations in greater China, which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan. The enthusiasm the Chinese people have for Starbucks, reinforces our confidence in the long-term potential for the market. We are beginning to see margin improvement in China driven in part by initiatives to address labor optimization and waste. We continued to see considerable weakness in certain international markets, especially the UK and Canada. We have and will continue to put into place loyalty programs in these markets in response and within many markets we have implemented or will implement plans to drive additional traffic and gain efficiencies through the P&L including but not limited to; bringing additional value to customers, labor optimization, reduce waste, supply chain optimization and lease renegotiations and reduced support costs. Let me turn to our consumer products group. In the past, I haven't typically gone in to great detail of our CPG business though it has achieved steady profitable growth in recent years. Increasingly though, we are viewing the CPG business as central to our overall business strategy. Enabling our package coffee, tee and ready to drink businesses to leverage existing markets and brand awareness, providing us with channels and access to customers we have not otherwise been able to reach at retail, and specifically focused on the home market. And allowing us to play on both sides of the value continuum. Our CPG business operates very effectively with our joint venture in sales and distribution partners and able to benefit from the lessons we have learned on the retail side as it grows domestically and internationally. In the first quarter we expanded package coffee in to Ireland and launched Starbucks Coffee in Switzerland through our expanded relationship with Kraft in Europe. Switzerland is the first country in continental Europe to benefit from the expanded relationship and over the coming months you will see us broaden our European presence. This compliments the packaged coffee business we have built in the US, Canada, and the UK. In the ready-to-drink coffee category, where we have 90% share, which is currently about a $1.3billion market in US, Starbucks branded products accounted for $7 in every $10 spent in the ready-to-drink coffee category. Through the North American coffee partnership, a joint venture between Starbucks and Pepsi, Starbucks Double Shot Energy Coffee drinks have become top performers in the ready-to-drink energy coffee sub category since launched in June of 2008. Currently the line represents three of the segments five best selling SKUS. In additional, we have Unilever and Pepsi in the PLP partnership and with them we are now expanding national distribution of Tazo Tea ready-to-drink beverages. These ready-to-drink businesses will play an important role in our stores and our customers abroad as well, and today we hold leading positions in this category in Japan, Korea and China. As mentioned during the analyst conference, we recently began exploring new ways we could leverage our Seattle's Best Coffee brand to work for us, starting with a food service test in more than 2,800 Subway restaurants in the US beginning this month. I'm pleased to share with you today that we also are expanding our franchising program with Seattle's Best Coffee. Our Seattle's Best Coffee brand is uniquely positioned to grow through franchising because of its national footprint, operational experience and the innovative retail [caffe] concepts it offers. We will be working with qualified franchise sees to match them with site opportunities as part of the franchise development program. Some of the real estate we will exit under the Starbucks brand, as mentioned earlier, may provide an attractive conversion opportunity to potential Seattle Best Coffee franchisees as well as cost savings for Starbucks Corporation. We believe that the Seattle Best Coffee brand can play a unique role in helping capturing a larger share of the speciality coffee segment by providing options and a variety to a broader spectrum of customers. Looking ahead our task is clear. We must continue to work to retain and to strengthen our connection with our core customers while at the same time, devising new and innovative ways to attract customers to the stores and bring lapsed customers back. And we will use all of the tools at our disposal; cross channel promotion, leveraging CPG, all brands, all products and new consumer loyalty programs to do this all while staying relevant in areas our customers care most about coffee, customer experience, innovation, differentiation and obviously in the environment that we are in, real value. Over the past year we have been working diligently to make Starbucks a breakfast destination. We've improved the quality and nutrition of our offerings and we are encouraged by the early success of oatmeal and other healthy options. I'm pleased to share with you that beginning in March, we will combine our breakfast strengths with a value proposition that challenges misperceptions about our every day affordability. Using uniform national pricing we will offer several breakfast pairings in Company operated stores at attractive price points. The question of value often gets tied to the competition. How are we competing with traditional QSR's who are offering cheap coffee and dollar menus? How can a premium brand like Starbucks be competitive when customers are trading down at everything from houses and travel to clothing and lunches out? I would like to try and separate value from competition. And talk about the differentiating factors that ultimately Starbucks a competitive player and the leader in our category. Starbucks has always been an experienced oriented brand and retailer and approach has been to connect with our customer in ways our competitors simply cannot. This includes everything from Starbucks Shared Planet, the way we engage with our customers and communities to do business responsibility. To our unique election day and inauguration day promotional initiatives, to our participation in the recent national call to service. What all of these efforts have in common is their relevancy to the values and lives of our customers and that is what we believe will help us remain resilient both during challenging times and long into the future. We absolutely believe that now is the time to safeguard and lock in those elements of the Starbucks brand which have been about doing the right thing in both good and tough times. Finally we must and will continue to innovate deliberately, aggressively, with great consistency and do it in a responsible fashion. With customer satisfaction as our guide. We have an important pipeline of announcements that we will be making to highlight innovation, competition and value strategies that will enhance our business and lead us forward. And with today's announcement we believe our organization will be align at all levels to achieve our objectives. With that I will turn the call to Troy who will review with you our Q1 results. Next question operator? I will add one other thing that we did not talk about in the remarks, and that is that we are reaching out to our top suppliers in a way that we never done before and some of these relationships go back ten, 20 years. People who have really been in business with us, people who's business has really grown as a result of our success, and I we believe that we will be able to engage in discussions and that will have a positive impact on the business on a go forward way. The interesting thing to follow up is I have been holding town hall meetings with customers and the concern that people have which is it's so emotional when they express it is please don't close my store. And it's hard to capture the relevancy of Starbucks as a third place and the meaning that we have in people's lives across America. Australia is a perfect example. We had negative comp store sales and significant losses after the store closures we have positive comps and profitable in Australia. I think I will let Cliff Burrows, the President of the US business answer that. With regard to innovation, I think that's a very appropriate question. In view of the environment we are in and the issues that almost every business is facing especially those that are in the retail business, I think it's very prudent to maintain a healthy outlook towards the need for innovation and balancing that out with the cost of it and when will we get returns. Having said that, we have had a number of very important innovative initiatives that have been in the pipeline for quite sometime. And we have gone back and looked at those, we have taken those out that we believe are not relevant now and kind of doubled down on those things we think are highly relevant for the environment and our ability to reignite the experience and reinvent what we do that is complimentary with the core of coffee. Thank you Troy. There are a few key points I would like to make in closing before we go to the Q&A First, our cost containment efforts have been serious and our store portfolio is becoming healthier. We feel good about the progress we are making in improving the basics of store operation and we are offering great value to our core customers through our card programs. There are also encouraging signs of progress in various geographies around the globe. Second, we have taken a long look at areas of value and competition. In short, we have heard those of you who are calling for action in how we go to market in the two areas and we will be moving to correct misperceptions and drive stronger options into the market, all of this will play out over the coming months. And finally our brand tracking data, which is internal, strongly indicates that perceptions to the Starbucks brand have improved significantly with measures of value, operational improvements, corporate responsibilities and loyalty initiatives back to the 2007 levels or even higher. We have always relied on the research to predict future consumer behavior and we have no reason to believe that will change. We believe all this bodes well for the Company over the long-term. We are focused on foundational improvements that are difficult to see from quarter to quarter, especially in this unpredictable economy. We believe all of the work we are doing will pay off in the long run. I think as you can see from the remarks I made and Troy's made and the announcements that we shared with you today that there is in the acute understanding of the situation and we are making significant steps courageous steps to ensure the fact that Starbucks not only weathers the storm, but maintains our leadership position on a go forward basis. Thank you. We will open the line now for Q&A. Questions and Answers Cliff, do want to add something to that.Troy, let me add one other thing. Sorry to keep interrupting. With regard to China, not unlike Japan, I think the challenge for a new entry into Japan and to China is to ensure the fact that you do not become a fad that get really hot and all of a sudden it's gone. And, certainly with 15 years in Japan, we've demonstrated an enduring nature in integrating ourselves into the Japanese society. Now, with 12 years in China, there's no doubt that we have overcome many of the companies who have entered China and are already gone because of the faddish nature. The most encouraging component of the China opportunity for me, in addition to the growth, is the fact that the economics that John put up on the screen do not include almost any AM business. We have not yet seen the Chinese consumer behave but, they will in terms of created a coffee ritual in the morning. We're getting these kinds of unit volumes and returns with pretty much a PM business. And, I can assure you that, over time, with the aspirational nature of the society, the fact that Starbucks is a brand they wants to be associated with, the morning ritual it'll be something that will happen much quicker than people think. Can I just say with regard to Japan, we went to Japan to both learn from the launch and observe and see what we could find, when you launch a product like this that has had no history, it's very hard to predict. The Japanese execution of VIA at the store level was, and Cliff doesn't like hearing it, significantly better than the US execution and when you look at a market that's 81% soluble, what happened in Japan, was just stunning to watch and to see. Japan has performed better than the US, and now they're doing the same thing with Christmas blend as well. I think it's important to remember that the $24 billion instant coffee category is less than $1 billion in North America. And so, the opportunity that we have with VIA, which over time will be a portfolio of multiple products and SKUs, is in the very early stages. Good morning, and welcome. Two years have passed since we were here last and, as you can see from that video, much has changed. And we couldn't be more excited to present to you an overview of our business and perhaps, most importantly, our vision for the future. As we stand here before you today, there are approximately 17,000 Starbucks stores in 54 countries serving almost 60 million customers a week, and we are employing over 200,000 people all over the world. And I would submit that we have, over almost 40 years now, built one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. Being here today, considering where we were, it's hard to really put into words what we've accomplished, what we've been through. The video in six minutes tries to capture what we've done in the last two years, but I think what I'd like to do because there's so many of our people watching this is just make sure that the 200,000 people who have done such heroic things on behalf of the Company, realize how much respect and appreciation we have for what they do every single day. Now, you saw during fiscal '10 and especially during Q4 the fact that, despite the economic downturn of what is happening, that we were able to record record results in Q4 and record results for fiscal 2010. And that is at the backdrop of an economy that really has not improved very much. And I think what's really important to you here is the we've been able to establish not only the transformation of the Company but being able to navigate through a cataclysmic financial crisis and demonstrate the relevancy of the Starbucks brand and the experience and, at the same time, re-invent so much of the Company inside and out that we believe has given us significant muscle memory and, I think, a new level of discipline within the Company that we will apply on a go-forward basis. And, as I said, two years ago and I wasn't trying to be clairvoyant, I really believed at the time that we could not only navigate through the storm but come out of it stronger as a result of having gone through it. And that's exactly where we are today. Now, two weeks ago we had an extraordinary experience in visiting the country of China, and I just want to take a few minutes and share that with you. Now, so many companies are rushing to China, almost like the Gold Rush, recognizing an amazing opportunity to build a business in an emerging market. There will be lots of winners. I also believe that there's going to be many companies that are going to get it wrong. And I would submit that in the 12 years that we have now been there with 800 stores in Greater China, 400 stores in the Mainland, we have done the hard work that positions us extremely well to significantly accelerate the growth of China and maximize shareholder value over the long term."
